5536
21	because that is the only way you will not think this film is a TOTAL waste of time and money .
26	A remake of " Heaven Can Wait " , ( which was at least worth watching ) is a poor excuse for a romantic comedy .
27	It is more a vehicle to give Rock some time on film for weak stand up comedy which does not play well on the big screen .
30	Especially because his jokes generally are supposed to be from the body of an old , fat , rich , dead man but are shown coming from Rock himself .
12	As he insults Blacks and Whites the chemistry is all wrong .
15	The movie is not funny , poorly shot the acting is weak at best .
22	Go rent " Heaven Can Wait " and a live Rock video and you will be way ahead of the game .
18	I was in physical pain watching the eyes of the cast as they participated in this sham .
20	Bad dialogue , worse ( worst ) acting , lifeless all the way , and the cast knew it .
18	The two preceding movies which this attempted to copy had life , sparkle , and were captivating .
13	Blank Check is easily one of the worst films of the nineties .
13	The plot is completely pointless ; its overtones of lonliness are pathetic .
33	Do you really believe a twelve year old acting as a personal assistant for a millionaire could accomplish everything in this film , like buying a mansion for a mere $300 grand .
19	The notion , let alone the bargain-basement price , will only be believed by the most gullible viewers .
15	Please , respect your intelligence and do not watch this awful , awful film .
38	irritating , illogical flow of events . pretty much every joke is so simple that it can hardly be regarded as one . no wonder the cinema was empty and people actually walked away , yes away .
17	I stayed , since I was enjoying a wonderful ice-cream with nuts during the whole movie .
23	I did not expect much from this film , but boy-o-boy , I did not expect the movie to be this bad .
15	The movie is like the film makers were having a bad hangover making it .
14	In the " making of " they do not show a single smile .
7	This is a very bad film !
21	I gave it three out of ten because of few smiles it gave me , but I did never laugh !
15	I like Chris Rock , but I feel he is wasted in this film .
22	The idea of remaking Heaven Can Wait is fine , but the filmmakers followed the plot of that turkey too closely .
29	When Eddie Murphy remade Dr. Doolittle and The Nutty Professor , he re-did them totally -- so they became Murphy films / vehicles , not just tepid remakes .
7	That 's why they were successful .
16	If Chris had done the same , this could have been a much better film .
25	The few laughs that come are when he is doing his standup routine -- so he might as well have done a concert film .
22	It also would have been much funnier if the white man whose body he inhabits was a truck driver or hillbilly .
10	So why does Hollywood keep making junk like this ?
13	Because people go to see it -- because they like Chris Rock .
12	So give Chris a decent script and give us better movies !
14	Do not remake films that were not that good in the first place !
15	I like Chris Rock , but I feel he is wasted in this film .
22	The idea of remaking Heaven Can Wait is fine , but the filmmakers followed the plot of that turkey too closely .
29	When Eddie Murphy remade Dr. Doolittle and The Nutty Professor , he re-did them totally -- so they became Murphy films / vehicles , not just tepid remakes .
7	That 's why they were successful .
16	If Chris had done the same , this could have been a much better film .
25	The few laughs that come are when he is doing his standup routine -- so he might as well have done a concert film .
22	It also would have been much funnier if the white man whose body he inhabits was a truck driver or hillbilly .
10	So why does Hollywood keep making junk like this ?
13	Because people go to see it -- because they like Chris Rock .
12	So give Chris a decent script and give us better movies !
14	Do not remake films that were not that good in the first place !
32	I figured the whole joke of the movie would be to see some rich white guy acting like Chris Rock , and then see Chris Rock react to people 's reactions .
14	Instead you just see Chris Rock being himself and people not understanding him .
15	There are maybe 2 scenes in the entire movie where they use their gimmick .
8	This should have been a lot better .
32	Chris Rock is a wonderful stand-up comedian , but he just can not transfer his talent to this film , which probably only has two strained laughs in the whole picture .
15	If you have not watched this film yet , avoid it like the plague .
21	Go do something constructive and more interesting like watching the weather channel or watching paint dry on a brick wall .
10	For Chris ' efforts I give it a 2/10 !
18	Down to Earth is about Lance Barton , a black comedian who gets hit by a truck .
12	He goes to Heaven and he gets to get another body .
12	Lance gets the body of Charles Wellington , a white guy .
12	So Lance does a few things in the body of Charles .
13	The movie has a few laughs , but it 's nothing special .
14	It 's a good movie if you are a fan of Chris Rock .
10	Madagascar , the 2005 animated comedy , is better .
17	This is a good movie , but Chris Rock has done way better things than this .
13	It will only make you laugh about 4 times the whole movie .
8	And it 's not really laugh-out-loud funny .
22	You will laugh to yourself and you might giggle , but you definitely will not be rolling on the floor laughing .
17	First off , I would like to say that I am a fan of Chris Rock .
15	I like his other movies , but this movie is just like my summary .
7	The Biggest Sack of Crap ever .
22	In the beginning , Chris Rock plays an aspiring comedian who get stage fright at a Comedy Building called the Apollo .
25	On his way home from a gig , while riding his BIKE he sees this woman he likes and is hit by a Truck .
19	A little while later , he chooses the body of an old , white , and selfish millionaire .
27	Then , he dresses up like the music group Outkast while trying to replay the scene from the original where he comes out as a Jockey .
35	Second , he goes back to the Apollo , and tries to be the comedian he tried to be in his previous body and starts dissing the white population and tries to be black .
6	Do you get my drift ?
26	This movie is awful it tries too hard to be like the original and in the process comes out looking like a sack of crap .
12	Just take my advice , do not even watch this movie .
9	The king is dead long live the King !
36	The triad of Caddie Shack Two , The Family underneath the Stairs , and Troop Beverly Hills had been tied for worst movie ever for so long that they seemed icons in their own right .
21	But there is a new king ..... yep ..... all hail the new king .... " Down to Earth " .
17	But some things , like Tiny Tim for example , are so bad they are good .
19	Some day this could take out the inimitable " Rocky Horror Picture Show " as a cult film .
15	So go see this .... this .... well just take my word for it .
4	Go see it .
6	All hail the new king !
26	I had not seen the movie trailer when I went to see the movie , instead I based my judgments on a friend 's opinions .
19	Now I like Chris Rock and his comedy , but this movie just falls flat on its face .
21	During the movie Rock delivers a couple of funny jokes , but unfortunately the movie is sorely lacking in comedy .
20	The movie seems want to integrate both laughter and love into one , and it that endeavor it fails .
28	The love story in the movie is straight forward ( luckily ) , but it detracts too much from the movie by making Rock serious and bland .
23	After all , the movie is first and foremost destined to be a comedy , where laughter should be the primary concern .
8	Not much of that in the movie .
10	The plot is also pretty uninteresting as a whole .
6	Some parts were discontinuous altogether .
19	If the supporting cast were meant to be funny , they certainly did not do a good job .
20	The couple of angels from heaven tried to make a couple of jokes , which were dry and dull .
12	Rock 's first incarnation 's couple of underlings were also bland .
20	If there is one thing they did do right , though , they made Rock seem funnier by comparison .
10	The worst movie I have seen in a while .
23	Yeah its fun to fantasize , but if that is what you are looking for , I suggest you see Brewsters Millions .
12	This was just terrible and corny and terrible at being corny .
15	Unless you are five or like terrible movies , do not see this one .
16	When I first heard about " Down To Earth , " I was pretty excited .
17	I am a pretty big fan a Chris Rock , he was especially hilarious in Dogma .
9	But this film proved to be a disappointment .
26	Chris Rock 's performance was not nearly as good as his past performances , and the movie was just very badly directed as a whole .
6	First off , Chris Rock .
11	He plays the entire movie as a standup comedy routine .
29	Obviously , this works fine in the scenes where he 's supposed to be doing standup , but in the rest of the movie , it does not .
25	Even when he 's talking to one other character , he seems to think he 's trying to make a roomful of people laugh .
28	He has a few funny moments , but they mostly come during the standup scenes ( no wonder they decided to make his character a comedian ) .
28	As for the rest of the cast , they are pretty much there just to give Rock someone to talk to , none of them stand out .
8	Also , the movie was poorly directed .
18	The movie has basically a one-joke plot : old white guy acting like a young black comedian .
21	While I prefer movies with more than one joke , this still could have worked , and been quite funny .
19	The problem was , we saw too much of Rock and not enough of the old white guy .
39	It 's supposed to be funny because it 's this white guy telling Chris Rock 's jokes , but for most of the time , we just see Chris Rock , so it 's not nearly as funny .
22	The few scenes where they decide to show us the white guy talking like Rock are , in fact , hilarious .
16	If he had been shown more , the movie would have been a lot funnier .
28	Overall , a few moments of laughter can not make up for the fact that " Down To Earth " is poorly acted , and poorly directed .
8	This one was a pretty big disappointment .
3	Rating : 4/10
48	DOWN TO EARTH / ( 2001 ) * ( out of four ) By Blake French : " Down to Earth " is such a mislead and desperate comedy it makes sitting home on the couch watching a Chris Rock standup-comedy act on TV look like heaven .
45	Speaking of heaven , the film is based on the 1978 movie " Heaven Can Wait . " That was a good movie , and this is good-to demonstrate how a group of aspiring screenwriters can take decent material and turn it into garbage .
10	Directors Chris and Paul Weitz miss nearly every target .
20	From concept to storytelling , " Down to Earth " fails miserably ; this is one incredibly bad production .
21	Chris Rock is a lousy standup comedian , both in his role in this movie and in the real life .
31	He plays Lance Barton , whose manager , ( Frankie Faison ) even feels sorry for him when he is booed off stage during amateur night at a local theatre .
19	Soon after the script establishes his lack of talent , the character is killed by a speeding truck .
20	Death , played by Eugene Levy , has made a mistake , taking Lance before his number was up .
42	God 's assistant ( Chazz Palminteri ) is very angry and decides to let Lance make up the remainder of his time on Earth , as long as he takes the only available body of a 60 year old white millionaire .
17	The old man 's name is Mr. Wellington , whose life has problems of its own .
26	His wife ( Jennifer Coolidge ) is having an affair with his assistant ( Greg Germann ) , who is robbing him of his money .
15	The biggest problem it runs into is how we perceive Lance as Mr. Wellington .
44	Chris Rock is the actor with popularity and publicity , so he is not going to be absent from most of this movie ; all of the characters see the new Lance as Mr. Wellington , but we see him as Chris Rock .
31	This is convenient for the love story ; we believe a young woman would fall for Lance , but in reality , he is actually an old , gray-haired geezer .
6	That is not so convincing .
25	The one-joke comic situation is supposed to be watching an old man doing funny things that are really done by a young black man .
14	But what inspires laughter is when characters run into conflicts without their knowledge .
29	Just look at " There is Something About Mary . " In the funny scenes the characters are exposed to awkward experiences , and not at their will .
23	Here , Lance knows he is in an old man 's body , and does things old men would not normally do .
17	If Lance did not know the body he was in then that may have had potential .
36	Another problem with the concept : we never knew Mr. Wellington in the first place , so how can we compare Lance in his body when we do not know what he was like originally .
25	To top everything off , Chris Rock needs to be the center of attention here , and makes the character too much like Rock .
22	He recites simple standup routine jokes that are tedious and painful ; his dialogue is so obvious , wooden and straightforward .
9	I hated the film 's sense of humor .
11	There are so many unfunny jokes and horrible comic situations .
17	It is like watching Chris Rock being Chris Rock , not a character in a movie .
36	Those are all the good qualities I can mention at this time , and if you give me another week to recollect , it is not likely that I will come up with any more .
31	This movie is a re-write of the 1978 Warren Beatty movie , " Heaven Can Wait " , but it is written for the stand-up comedic style of Mr Rock .
41	The premise remains the same : Lance Barton , ( Rock ) is taken before his life time is up and works a deal with God 's representative , Mr King , to come back to earth as someone else .
41	As in Beatty 's movie ; he chooses the murdered Charles Wellington , a rich white man , all because he fancies Sontee Jenkins ( Regina King ) who happens to turn up at Wellington 's house during the murder .
37	The role of Mrs Wellington and her lover suffers in this remake and the idea to turn an aged white multi-millionaire into a stand up black comedian who tries to woo Sontee simply does not work .
22	Also the intercuts used to show Rock as Wellington and then as the real ' white ' Wellington , fail miserably .
37	Improvements could have been made to the original Beatty plot - which in itself did not masterfully portray the life-after-death idea - but they certainly were not to be found in " Down To Earth " .
33	Black guy becomes rich white guy , and rich white guy seems to embrace hip-hop culture , and most of the " funny " moments of this film play off of this .
15	The problem I have is that it does not work and almost never works .
22	OK , so no one would expect Lance to grab a body like that and suddenly start acting like Charles Wellington .
8	That would be too much to ask .
5	I will grant that .
14	But at the same time , it goes too far the other direction .
34	I am supposed to imagine a rich white guy singing rap and completely upending things , playing like he 's a bastion of hip-hop culture , and people just * accept * him ?
31	And what about Sontee , who falls in love with him * as a rich white guy * , even though she does not care about his money or power ?
11	This is so completely unbelievable it 's not even funny .
14	I just could not suspend disbelief and I could not finish the movie .
20	I added one extra star because it did make me laugh , even hard , a couple of times .
35	But I just could not get get past the whole " white guy doing hip hop " thing that has never been well done in any movie I have ever seen that tries it .
5	This was no exception .
14	The main character Lance Barton gets killed and to heaven before his time .
21	When heaven learns about the mistake he is given the body of just deceased rich old and white Mr. Wellington .
31	A young black guy in a old white mans body still behaving like the young black man is maybe funny if you see it done by an old white actor .
24	In this movie I ended up reminding myself several times : " Chris Rock is supposed to be an old white guy " .
27	The whole concept does not play as intended : The " illusion " is not transported well and the love story is not believable at all .
47	The fact that all you see is Chris Rock playing a young black guy , because the old white person everyone is supposed to see is only shown in small scenes , is to much of a challenge for the viewers " suspension of disbelief " .
37	Chris Rock , apparently desperate for a cozy star-vehicle which would cross his appeal over to white and mainstream black audiences , updates the hit 1978 comedy " Heaven Can Wait " with an urban agenda .
46	He plays a struggling comedian involved in a car accident who has his soul removed too soon from his body -- consequently , his angels must find another body to place him in , and can only come up with that of a white businessman .
40	Rewriting a movie as bland and sentimental as " Heaven Can Wait " only shows that Rock 's eye was on the box-office ( this was strictly a corporate move organized by the most mercenary of Hollywood players ) .
23	Why not strive for something loftier or more memorable than a silly reincarnation comedy that culminates with an Evening at the Apollo ?
44	Terrific supporting cast ( including the usually-reliable Regina King , the wonderful Mark Addy , Wanda Sykes , Eugene Levy , and terrific Frankie Faison ) do what they can , but Rock seems awkward and unsure of himself throughout . *1/2 from ****
18	Predictably , he spouts swear words from A to Z , but he consciously avoids the F-word .
41	Anybody who saw this gifted African-American comic in " Lethal Weapon 4 , " " Dogma , " or " Nurse Betty " knows he can elicit more laughter with the F-word than Martin Lawrence and Eddie Murphy put together .
19	Hardcore Rock fans will undoubtedly accuse their favorite comedian with trying to fix something that was never broken .
13	Poor Lance Barton ( Chris Rock ) suffers from severe stage fright .
23	Nevertheless , his charitable manager Whitney Daniels ( Frankie Faison of " Hannibal " ) sticks with him through thick and thin .
24	After Lance learns the Apollo Theatre will hold one final amateur night extravaganza , he implores Whitney to get him in the line-up .
22	Excuse me , but if Lance is such a deadbeat stand-up comic , why does the Apollo keep inviting him back ?
11	Meanwhile , fate has something else in store for Lance .
44	While pedaling home on his bike , our protagonist spots a pretty lady , Sontee ( Regina King of " Jerry Maguire " ) , crossing the street , but he does not see the bus that collides with him and kills him .
2	Wham !
12	Lance Barton levitates skyward with a halo wreathed around his head .
38	In Heaven , which resembles a cruise ship nightclub , Lance learns that an overzealous angel , Mr. Keyes ( Eugene Levy of " Stay Tuned " ) , timed his death 40 years ahead of schedule .
27	Heavenly honcho Mr. King ( Chazz Palminteri of " Analyze This " ) , God 's right-hand guy , apologizes and escorts Lance back to earth .
17	The snag is Lance can not reclaim his corpse , so he must inhabit another body .
20	The best that Mr. Keyes can come up with is ruthless , white , 60-year old tycoon Charles Wellington .
36	Wellington 's adulterous wife Amber ( Jennifer Coolidge of " American Pie " ) and his unscrupulous personal aide Winston ( Greg Germann of " Sweet November " ) have just tried to poison him .
24	Reluctantly , before Wellington 's body vanishes , Lance accepts it conditionally as a loaner until Keyes can locate a more appropriate body .
7	Meanwhile , Lance-as-Wellington encounters Sontee again .
19	She is a nurse activist protesting his decision to privatize a Brooklyn community hospital that serves the poor .
32	While Regina King brings a surfeit of charisma to her role as a crusading health care worker , she plays a character who bypasses credible motivation in her affairs with Wellington .
36	Although he is no longer black , Lance not only tries to woo Sontee but also win a gig at the Apollo . " Down To Earth " features Rock in his most unfunny role .
11	The comedian 's reason for making this movie seems questionable .
26	Reportedly , he ate lunch with Warren Beatty and told Beatty that he loved the original script that scenarist Elaine May had penned for Beatty .
41	Initially , Beatty tried the race-reversal gimmick himself in his own version by trying to cast Muhammad Ali in the title role of " Heaven Can Wait . " The deal fell through , and Beatty headlined the movie himself .
19	According to Rock , his longtime co-writers and he thought that they could ' annihilate ' this classic .
27	As a lifeless comedian in " Down to Earth , " Rock does not so much stretch his image as he inverts it for the worst !
23	This half-baked concert film with an annoying plot does as much to cremate his comic reputation as it does the Weitz Brothers !
31	You know a film about a comedian is in dire straits when a scene at the nightclub is played so you can not hear the jokes , only the laughter .
30	Similarly , the casting of Mark Addy as Wellington 's butler who speaks the Queen 's English but is in reality a commoner from Michigan defies logic , too .
21	Addy is an actual Englishman , and he does not have to fake an accent ; his accent is genuine .
37	The major overriding quandary with " Down to Earth " is the on-again-off-again , look-a-like switcheroo that the characters make so Chris Rock does not disappear completely from the sight for more than a few seconds .
42	Although Chris spends half the movie as white guy Wellington , audiences see him largely as Lance , undercutting the comic irony of watching his stocky , bald-headed , Caucasian white , alter-ego perform ghetto humor and chant derogatory hip-hop lyrics .
18	Incredibly , Rock served double-duty as the film 's executive producer and one of its four scribes .
22	The mystery is how such a wealth of talent could grind out such an awkward , misguided muddle of a comedy .
20	About the only redeeming feature of " Down to Earth " is Jamshied Sharifi 's superb orchestral film score .
23	Imagine pulling back the mask of a lethal assassin and finding Barbara Cartland there ... that 's what happens with this film .
29	Rather than waste any time in creating an original premise , the filmmakers went straight for the money-shot : the bad boy being tamed by said whimsical beauty .
18	Thence follows a string of insincere and heavily-clichéd love scenes sprinkled with pseudo philosophical / poetic fluff .
26	For a Byronic hero / antihero to work , the story needs subtlety , style and innovation - all of which are utterly absent here .
47	This is not a modern day Phantom of the Opera , it 's just what happens when a weak and rather silly woman ( with loose knicker elastic ) dates a bad man , who , after meeting her , seems as dangerous as bunny slippers .
50	The performances might have saved this film , had they been any good : the female lead is preoccupied with looking sexy and ' otherworldly ' , no matter how forced or ridiculous ; and poor Dougray Scott appears to have been drugged as he shambles through his part .
7	This is not his best work .
25	The glimmers of interest were brought by Jürgen Prochnow as ' Vashon ' , and Andrew Lee Potts as the young photographer / brother .
14	A better movie would have offed the sister and kept the brother instead .
6	Is this film a joke ?
5	Is it a comedy ?
8	Surely it is not a serious thriller ?
37	There is no suggestion that there is any intended humor , but on quite a few occasions the poor acting , poor directing , and appalling script had the audience laughing out loud in the cinema .
25	The plot is acceptable - a promising young artist just reaching his peak shot dead by an assassin he walks in on by mistake .
21	The killer sees the young artists work portfolio he is carrying and decides to attend an exhibition of his work .
18	At the exhibition the assassin meets the dead artists sister and they end up falling in love .
21	It is all very predictable stuff and the end will not have anyone guessing as it is so poorly scripted .
21	The film takes place mainly in and around Vienna , Austria , and shows what a beautiful city it is .
25	Do not waste your time on this film though , unless you are studying how NOT to act , direct or script a film !
17	Two films are useful for scaring people to God , this and ' Event Horizon ' .
20	One has a significant and poignant message , the other is as one-dimensional as a religious movie can get .
19	Too bad Paul Anderson went on to the accursed Resident Evil movies , he really had something going .
36	Thief in the Night is hampered by many obvious independent film attributes ( acting , storytelling , dialog , and persuasion ) and it 's obvious what the film 's intentions are from the start .
31	The Christian film industry has not learned from the failures of this , so we are stuck with The Omega Code , Left Behind , and the other Tribulation movies .
37	Their underlying element is that they are so concerned with selling their message : " Get saved , folks ! " that everything else becomes second to whacking the audience over the head with a Bible .
18	Overall , I can not believe I am even writing this much about a movie this ineffective .
19	Skip it entirely and go back to Sam Neil gouging out his eyeballs . 1 out of 5 .
21	I saw this movie once a long time ago , and I have no desire to ever see it again .
30	This movie is about Preston Waters , a hard-lucked preteen , who always seems to be overlooked by his family and who always seems to be short on cash .
21	All this changes when a bank robber runs over Preston 's bike and passes him a blank check as compensation .
28	Preston uses the check to withdraw $1 million from the bank ( ironically , the money belongs to the bank robber who gave him the check ) .
30	Preston then buys a mansion and says that he 's working as the assistant of a mysterious and wealthy backer named Mr. Macintosh ( named after his computer ) .
11	After that , he just goes crazy with the money .
10	On paper , this sounds like a great idea .
17	However , on screen , it is one of the emptiest movies I have ever seen .
9	For one thing , it 's too unbelievable .
42	I know some parts of the movie were meant to be incredible , but I draw the line at a twelve-year-old boy going out with a thirty-year-old woman , and being put in charge of a imaginary person 's small fortune .
23	Also , this was a shallow movie with weak acting , a predictable plot line and characters who are less than memorable .
15	The characters were either cheesy , over the top , annoying , or underdeveloped .
9	But " Juice " was a funny character .
18	If you are looking for a good movie to watch with your family , skip this one .
33	I remember being forced ( yes -- literally FORCED ) to see this film by a Southern Baptist Preacher when I was a kid , and even then I loved its awfulness .
39	It 's designed to scare poor suckers into being " saved . " The only thing that " saved " me was the fact that it finally ended and I could go out and have a REAL life .
23	Check out the chapter on this film in Sarah Diamond 's book " The Politics of the Christian Right . " FASCINATING .
8	And certainly more interesting than the movie !
29	The sects that capitalise on this film are well known for their claim to take the ' message ' of the bible without any alteration or extra-biblical influence .
18	The existence of this film is solely due to the fact that there is no such thing .
34	If you want to know what the born-again branch of Christianity were harping on about in the seventies just look up the word ' rapture ' in a dictionary of cults and sects .
11	It 's quicker than sitting through this waste of celluloid .
36	Poor acting , uneven sound quality and a script that could just as easily have been written by Jack T Chick ( paranoid Christian conspiracy theorist for those not familiar with the Evangelical scene ) .
36	You could not really put this into the ' so bad it 's good ' category so its only audience are either those with a pamphlet collection looking to branch out or the extremely paranoid .
20	I saw this movie twice through a pentecostal church my family attended in Nanaimo BC in the 1970 's .
23	I was of the tender age of 6 , my brother 4 , then again when I was 8 my brother 6 .
17	This movie terrified my brother and I and shaped how we viewed the world with distrust .
32	It was not just the movie , but it was also the philosophy that engulfs so many " christians " about the " mark of the beast " and the rapture .
20	This movie , the church , and a volatile neglectful upbringing , lead to severe paranoia towards the future .
20	For years , I lived under the delusional affects of the church and fear of being forgotten by Christ .
7	I am now 40 years old .
6	Went through years of counseling .
18	I once explained to a psychiatrist this movie and the belief system of the church and family .
8	I was pegged with a delusional disorder .
22	I actually began to believe this , it was my brother who reminded me , that this cultic philosophy actually happened .
24	I no longer fear the future , I have come to terms with the fear injected into it 's members by the church .
23	I have taken this experience to fulfill a purpose , I am nearing my licensure as a Psychologist specializing in childhood trauma .
24	This is an interesting treatment of a subject that is quite controversial , ( just read the other comments on this film ) .
35	Apparently , you either love it or hate it and it seems most people make that distinction based on whether they believe the tribulation and end times will happen as portrayed in the movie .
16	Basically , the film - and its sequels - were made for about $1.30 each .
39	The production values are right down there with " Plan 9 From Outer Space " and the acting is about on the same level as " Glen or Glenda " , ( my apologies to Ed Wood ) .
15	Putting aside the religious message , the story is as scary as they come .
27	Add in even the slightest thought that the story might actually be close to something that might happen in the future and it becomes even scarier .
40	The net effect was " Thief " did a much better job on the scary part of movie , instead of spreading itself too thin trying to explain what was happening in the Middle East at the same time .
20	Forget the politics and watch this movie , and its sequels , for what they are - horror stories .
20	That they may be horror stories told , indirectly , by God makes them just that much more frightening .
21	If it makes you think about the subject , it has done its job - even if you never believe .
22	I was forced to watch this whole series of films as a young child and I was told they were REAL !
5	Talk about child abuse .
11	I would have been less frightened of Dracula or Frankenstein .
24	This series is only good for people who believe in this ridiculousness and who want to indoctrinate their children into believing the same .
27	Besides the obvious issues associated with brainwashing and indoctrination , there is also the bad acting , bad writing , and BAD " special effects " .
10	They are just all around terrible , terrible movies .
23	Yes , believable ( and horrifying ) to a kid , but I can not imagine a grown-up buying into this shlock .
20	Although , I must say , that I would be interested in seeing them today , as an adult .
13	They might have a certain midnight / cult movie feel to them .
21	Written and acted by sincere amateurs , produced by some exploitation monger , this is dull and hard to watch .
26	Not the worst movie ever , but at least schlock like _ Plan 9 From Outer Space _ usually had a real actor or two .
18	I 'd recommend _ A Thief In The Night _ only to hardcore ironists and hardcore Dispensationalists .
4	I am neither .
5	Do not believe me ?
27	Watch it for free ( albeit sourced from poor VHS ) here : http://www.archive.org/details/Thief-In-The-Night Relevant links added mostly to reach IMDb 's 10-line minimum : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dispensationalism http://www.dvdtalk.com/reviews/3199/thief-in-the-night-se-a/
18	I am simply talking about the " plot " ( if you can call it that ) .
47	SPOILERS ahead ------------------------ I do not want to give any more spoilers than necessary ( if after reading this , you really still want to watch this movie ) but if you graduated from any school , this is just a big insult of your intelligence .
21	When watching this , I was stunned most of the time , because what was happening was just THAT stupid .
4	Thus , rating 1/10
21	First of all , I saw this movie when I was 7 years old at a Christian Scholl I attended .
11	Needless to say that I was scared out of mind .
10	Not because it was scary but because the content .
6	Cmon ... I was 7 .
13	Anyway , the cinematography was pretty bad and the acting was cheesy .
15	That 's very bad considering that I was only 7 and I remember that .
32	The one thing that still haunts me is that dreadful song " I wish we all were ready " where the chorus ends with " ... you were left behind " .
8	I would not suggest seeing this one .
9	I probably will , just for nostalgic reason .
11	Besides , I am sure the remake is much better .
30	The best part of this movie though , has to be when everyone " dissapears " ; vacant cars crashing , lawnmowers running on their own ... pretty hilarious .
21	First off there is nothing wrong with studying Daniel , Revelation , Matthew 24 , Isaiah and other prophetic scriptures .
20	There is also nothing wrong with making a film such as this to attempt to present the gospel message .
15	So my qualms with this movie are not in either its sincerity or aspirations .
28	As a Christian , though an amillenialist , I believe there will be a great tribulation and I believe Christ will return as he said as much .
23	So even though I have disagreement with this film about the rapture that is not why I rate this movie so low .
36	No , what makes me rate this movie so low is not its sincerity or its message , but rather its lack of production values , awful script , mediocre acting , and pitiful FX .
16	This movie ranks down there with some of the cheesiest scifi fodder of the 1950s .
13	No , this movie ranks down there with Plan 9 From Outerspace .
18	This movie failed to age well and was probably dated by the time they made a sequel .
23	The apocalypse genre film producers could have learned how not to make an end times film from this , but they failed .
45	The Left Behind Series , The Apocalypse series , and the Omega Code series all failed to learn from this because they addressed the FX problems and the dated look problem , but their scripts are still poor , and their acting is wooden .
20	There are great Christian films , with extremely low budgets , but this film is not one of them .
11	I am surprised the MST3K crew never lampooned this one .
13	I was raised in a " very Christian " household since birth .
28	I was saved before I saw this movie and the rest of the series and was forced to watch it in a youth group at my church .
6	This movie was highly disturbing .
19	I saw it when I was about 12 years old and literally had nightmares about it for years .
19	I used to lay awake in bed and listen for the sounds of my mom 's footsteps upstairs .
21	If I did not hear her footsteps , I would sneak upstairs to make sure she had not been raptured .
19	I used to pray so hard every night for salvation because I was terrified of Jesus forgetting me .
21	This is definitely not something I will show to my kids until they are much older , if at all .
14	It took me years to shake the fear that this movie gave me .
27	Perhaps because I was so young , innocent and BRAINWASHED when I saw it , this movie was the cause of many sleepless nights for me .
30	I have not seen it since I was in seventh grade at a Presbyterian school , so I am not sure what effect it would have on me now .
19	However , I will say that it left an impression on me ... and most of my friends .
24	It did serve its purpose , at least until we were old enough and knowledgeable enough to analyze and create our own opinions .
22	I was particularly terrified of what the newly-converted post-rapture Christians had to endure when not receiving the mark of the beast .
42	I do not want to spoil the movie for those who have not seen it so I will not mention details of the scenes , but I can still picture them in my head ... and it 's been 19 years .
26	Weak , stale , tired , cliched ; wants to be Basic Instinct , but misses opportunity after opportunity for fresh perspectives , new insights .
36	Insipid , trite , grotesque , and without the possibly-redeeming value of brevity ; oh , wait ... it was only 90 minutes long ... it must have just * seemed * a lot longer !
18	I 'd rather clean bus station toilets with my toothbrush than have to sit through this again .
17	I am expressing an opinion here : I guess this means I did not like it .
6	A truly muddled incomprehensible mess .
29	Most things in the film look more or less like 1987 , but then there are futuristic things just thrown in , like the policeman 's ray gun .
4	And that car !
11	The director seemed to be in love with colored lights .
29	The only really notable performance was the girl who played Valerie , but since there was no cast listing , I do not know which actress that was .
6	This one is worth missing .
3	Grade : F
27	Blank Check is a movie that I saw on TV one day and like most movies they air on TV Blank Check was not that good .
24	First of all no one I have ever met has seen Blank Check and that includes people that grew up in the 90s .
26	Also Blank Check will not be remembered in the 00s either simply due to the fact that it will be overshadowed by pixar 's films .
45	I would not call Blank Check a bad film but its not really entertaining either . ( Or at least it is not to anyone over the age of 6 ) Blank Check is not a entertaining film because nothing about it is original .
38	Actress Patty Duke wrote an insightful , funny , rough-hewn book about her career as an actress , her crazy-quilt love-life , and her manic depressive episodes and suicide attempts which almost put her away for good .
50	With this rich material to draw from ( and Patty playing herself in the final act ) , one would think a crack TV-director like Gilbert Cates could bring it all together on film , but " Call Me Anna " is a pale shadow of Duke 's autobiography .
45	For those who have not read the book , the sketchy narrative ( leaping forward in time ) is not absorbing , we are never allowed to get our bearings with what 's happening , and the production seems stunted by a low budget .
40	The actors are miscast , and the value of having Duke herself finally appear does not pay off -- the film 's phony reality is so thick at this point that Patty can not bring stability to the scenario .
38	It appears as if the producers were sincere enough ( and consciousness-minded ) to anxiously steer the film towards Duke 's ultimate diagnosis and mental freedom , but they left out many dramatic opportunities in the process .
12	This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen .
23	Robin Williams fit into the part like a rhino would fit into a tutu , even so his performance was still pitiful .
10	Kurt Russell was more believable but still was awful .
17	The plot left much to be desired and the rest of the acting was also terrible .
39	The only thing this movie had going for it was the trailer , which suckered me in to wasting 90 minutes of my life which could have been better spent trying to lick the back of my head .
13	Do yourself a favor and burn this movie if you have it .
10	If not , just be happy you do not .
17	I think " The Best of Times " was a lost cause from the get go .
46	The initial premise ( guy drops the winning touchdown pass against a rival high school team , can never seem to get over it and then tries to reunite the two teams to play again ) is one of the dumbest I have ever heard .
22	Since Ron Shelton went on to write much better sports films I wonder if there was more to it then that .
18	I hope this film was not green lit with Shelton pitching the story as I wrote above .
6	So we have the premise .
25	Going from there you would think , or hope , that there might be a few twists along the way to keep things lively .
4	No such luck .
11	This script follows every predictable cliché you can think of .
14	Robin Williams and Kurt Russell star ( and bore ) in the leads .
21	Williams is the poor schmo who dropped the big pass and Russell is the quarterback who threw the fateful pass .
29	Gee , do you think Russell will suit up just once more to see if he and Williams can right a wrong that the town has never forgotten ?
25	This is such a lame duck comedy with a lame duck script that one can only shake their heads wondering what might have been .
19	Sure there are a few chuckles and , to be honest , there is one truly funny scene .
18	Williams and Russell have marital problems and the wives invite them over for dinner to resolve things .
22	Neither guy realizes that they have been invited over on a Monday and , yes , Monday Night Football is on .
34	Keeping in mind that the two teams playing have a combined one victory , the men ( Williams especially ) try to resist the temptation to find out how the game is going .
23	The scene dissolves into some hilarious bits as Williams goes to check the score by using a bathroom visit as a ruse .
10	When he returns he coughs the score to Russell .
23	Later as Russell is starting to make the moves on his wife Williams wheels the television into their view from another room .
15	It 's an inspired and funny scene in a mostly uninspired and stupid movie .
10	That 's what the title should be , anyway .
21	This movie combines guns , explosives , and mindless killing to make one flop of an " action " movie .
15	Let me make my point in a series of questions : answers type deal .
6	What happens in the movie ?
3	People die .
4	Is that it ?
2	Yes .
6	What is the plot about ?
3	What plot ?
11	What is the point the movie is trying to make ?
6	Killing is the only solution .
6	What are the characters like ?
9	Extremely flawed and contradictive toward their own personalities .
8	Is there anything good about this movie ?
2	Yes .
13	I am sure they used some nice Panavision cameras in filming it .
13	If you like constant killing and greed , then watch the movie .
23	If you happen to be repulsed by such low-standard " entertainment " , then " Made Men " is not for you .
28	To sum it up , the plotline stinks , the characters are not worth their while , the storyline is completely resistable , and nothing fits together .
23	This proves one thing : the actors , directors , and whoever helped make this movie certainly are not " Made " .
13	So this was an HBO " Made for TV Movie " eh ?
13	Is that an excuse for such a pathetic plot and terrible acting ?
17	As for that other Brit , the bleached blond one , what a w *** er !
46	There is a trend towards glorifying these " English speaking " ( sic ) super-violent thugs lately , perhaps thanks to Mr. Madonna 's two movies succeed in entertaining and justify the violence by skillful use of irony and humour , like Pulp Fiction does .
14	However , this movie discredits and devalues the genre . definately one to miss.
27	Devil Hunter gained notoriety for the fact that it 's on the DPP ' Video Nasty ' list , but it really need not have been .
39	The plot actually gives the film a decent base - or at least more of a decent base than most cannibal films - and it follows an actress who is kidnapped and dragged off into the Amazon jungle .
37	A hunter is then hired to find her , but along the way he has to brave the natives , lead by a man who calls himself " The Devil " ( hence the title ) .
20	The film basically just plods along for eighty five minutes and there really are not many scenes of interest .
49	I saw this film purely because I want to be able to say I have seen everything on the DPP 's list ( just two more to go ! ) , and I am guessing that 's why most other people who have seen it , saw it .
22	But if you are not on the lookout for Nasties ; there really is no reason to bother with this one .
8	Right away , this film was ridiculous .
24	Not that it did not have redeeming aspects  For example , the best thing about this film was the beautiful background scenery .
23	Anyone not living on the East Coast should know the South does not have beautiful mountains like those found in the West .
34	I knew it was Utah right off the bat , but perhaps Dalton could not suppress his English accent , so they had to excuse it by saying this was a southern town .
10	Subverting his accent into a Southern one was easier .
21	Sure the film has plot twists , but its phony sense of place was something I could not get past .
29	It 's not like Utah does not have meth labs ... so why the writers thought it necessary to pretend it was in the South is beyond me .
10	One other thing in action pictures always puzzles me .
20	Why do they always make the " cocking " sound effect when the character pulls out an automatic handgun ?
24	It seemed every other sound effect in this movie was a " chuk-chich " signifying a 9mm was loaded and ready to fire .
14	Of course , the weapons already had rounds chambered so this was unnecessary .
10	Lastly , the pyrotechnics were WAY over the top .
22	But hey , this film was targeted to a certain ' market segment ' I suppose ... It 's too bad .
13	Each of the actors can act , but this film was lame .
7	It was just a terrible movie .
7	No one should waste their time .
5	Go see something else .
21	This movie is , without a doubt , one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life .
15	If you want to see a good movie , do not see Made Men .
16	No , THIS ONE .... yeah , a solid , no brainer ..... ONE / ten
36	Blank check is one of those kids movies that could have been a great suspense thriller for the kids but instead it 's a tired lame home alone ripoff that is not worth a dime .
44	So Preston forges a million dollar check via his computer and comes back only to be escorted to the banker thinking that he 's juice he gives Preston the money but the real juice came and realized they been duped by a kid !
47	So Preston buys a mansion under the name Macintosh gets a limo driver who says unfunny jokes and goes on a epic shopping spree then he spots Shea and talks about opening his account kid you are loaded and you are talking about opening an account ?
17	A grown woman kissed a kid in the lips . come on is she mentally disabled ?
5	What are they smoking ?
8	This has been a Samuel Franco review .
41	Jared Diamond made a point in the first episode that other peoples of the world did not have animals to domesticate but Europeans did , and that accounts for why we were able to make steel and invent complex machines .
36	But then in the third episode he says that when the Europeans in South Africa got too far north they ran into Zulu people and other tribes that * herded cattle and planted crops * .
27	So what explains their lack of technological , economic , and artistic achievement if they had the key things the author claims are needed for success ?
23	Diamond also claims germs in the form of smallpox ( brought to North America by black slaves ) were our biggest weapon .
41	Well , if 150 Europeans can defeat 20,000 native warriors and 400 non-military South Africans can defeat 10,000 Zulus * without a single casualty * in either case , then I think you have to conclude that germs are irrelevant .
11	With or without germs , we were going to succeed .
7	So which is it , Jared ?
12	Did Malaria help the Africans by halting Eurpeans or hurt them ?
13	And how come Europe did okay despite massive plagues throughout our history ?
19	He also seems far too eager to say that the reasons Europeans succeeded was because of dumb luck .
27	At times when the evidence threatens to overwhelm his rickety theories he 's reluctant to admit that maybe Europeans were successful because they worked for it .
16	It 's sad watch this obvious neo-Marxist contort reality to try to prove his point .
29	This film is an attempt to present Jared Diamonds theory of " Guns , Germs and Steel " , explaining how Europeans have dominated much of the globe .
15	The version I saw of this documentary came on 2 discs covering 3 hours .
12	I think the information could have been presented in 20 minutes .
35	There are completely useless scenes of : Professor Jared Diamond watching birds through binoculars , Professor Jared Diamond failing to use a bow and arrow properly , Professor Jared Diamond firing a muzzle-loader badly .
17	Was this documentary supposed to make a hero out of " Professor Jared diamond ? " .
16	This part of the documentary was so bad , it could have been a spoof .
21	The worst was when Diamond is shown breaking down and weeping when touring the malaria ward in an African hospital .
22	Europeans conquered the natives peoples of other lands , because they had guns and fine blades against stone and wooden weapons .
12	Do I really need a professor to convince me of this ?
28	The parts of his theory that explain how the Europeans came to have the advantages that allow the conquest are interesting , but the coverage is paper-thin .
22	In the end , I think the documentary was only trying to convince me that non-Europeans are as capable as Europeans .
12	If I am not a racist , I already know this .
22	If I am a racist , Jared Diamond is not going to convince me with his bumbling use of native implements .
13	I do not think adults are the intended audience for this documentary .
10	Kids may enjoy this more than I , though .
17	I have read that the book from which this documentary is much better than the documentary .
24	First of all ; it 's very dilettantish to try describe way of history only from positions of guns , germs and steel .
10	The same tried to do Marxists from economical positions .
20	The reason of Western success can not be just dumb luck , the advantages of domesticated plants and animals .
22	We see , that all around the world any advantages and bonuses are complete useless if they are not wisely managed .
42	In the Japan there is not huge natural resources , but Japan is one of the top world economies , the same situation in Singapore , but in Nigeria , country with rich oil resources , there are only middle-low success .
20	Both of this nations had and still have access to Western technology and inventions , but why such gap ?
26	In the end of movie Daimond declared , that it 's very important to understand factors of guns , germs and steel , to UNDERSTAND .
21	Maybe the main factor of world 's difference is not geography , but people ability to understand and use things ?
6	The mental ability to understand .
9	And in this case geography is only subordinated .
39	As hard as it is for me to believe , with all of the awful reality shows out there over the past few years , this one has to take over the top spot for worst one yet .
17	I am still wondering if this was actually just a spoof done by the SCTV gang .
15	If Andy Kaufmann were still alive I 'd be sure he was behind this .
19	Can a rock band stoop any lower than has INXS to do such a shameful thing as this ?
7	The premise is simple and moronic .
30	Audition a bunch of karaoke rejects to become the new lead singer of INXS , to take the place of Michael Hutchence ( who committed suicide in 1997 ) .
42	Eight years and no hits later , the band commit the ultimate act of patheticness by subjecting themselves to auditioning a bunch of talentless wannabes to be the new lead singer of a band that is 20 years past its prime .
36	So they trot all of these awful singers ( I thought American Idol had its share of doozies ) who do atrocious renditions of just about every classic ( and predictable ) rock song imaginable .
21	And then they cut to the INXS band members who are seriously discussing the merits of each of these candidates .
24	You could see better ( and more original ) rock performers at just about any night club in any city in the world .
13	It has all the usual uncreative elements of every other reality show .
33	Lame reality participants , lame interviews , lame host / emcee , lame " judging " of performances , and the lame booting of one participant at the end of each show .
8	Can these shows get any more predictable ?
31	It 's clearly a publicity stunt on the part of the band ; a last gasp of hope at rekindling their lost stardom before they are finally buried into oblivion .
22	Michael Hutchence , if he had any shred of dignity when alive , has to be rolling over in his grave .
19	Not that INXS were ever a great band , but I had no idea they were this pathetic .
33	If INXS are at all representative of what rock and roll has become , this show would be the final proof that rock and roll is once and for all , dead .
15	I love all his work but this looks like nothing . . sorry . .
11	This looks more like a " David Lynch copycat " .
15	I think people like it only because " it 's from David Lynch " .
20	... but this just is not working and I am surprised to see how many people consider it good .
4	On what grounds ?
18	There are some loose hints here and there , but the whole material is self-indulgent and unconvincing .
23	Lynch 's movies are generally intriguing because they generate a sense of confusion and yet , are very playful when doing that .
16	There is some visual sense , there are some subplots , characters , ideas etc .
9	But this is dull and yes , pointless .
26	Because whatever there is to explore is either to " small " , either too far-fetched , or simply told before in a superior manner .
18	It 's just Lynch exploring DV , nothing more so it should be treated like this . 1/10
15	Wow , I love and respect pretty much anything that David Lynch has done .
19	However , this movie is akin to a first filmmaker 's attempt at making a pseudo art video .
10	To give you a couple of examples : 1 .
32	David Lynch is typically a visual filmmaker , however , this had little visual artistic content ( blank walls , " up shots " with ceiling in the background ) 2 .
23	David Lynch typically takes great pride in audio , however , in this you could even hear the video camera 's hum .
50	In fact , it is very hard to swallow the idea that he had anything to do with this movie . unless ... ... this is a joke , on David 's part , to force fans search his website ( for hours ) only to find this drivel .
12	I hope so , because at least that idea is funny .
27	I finally got to have a look at this experimental Lynch short after waiting for so long .... and unfortunately , it was not worth it !
43	There was a Mulholland Drive allusion - the blonde girl and the brunette girl were very Diane and Rita - esque , and a Lost Highway moment with allusions to some significant event that happened but can not be talked about clearly .
35	Unfortunately , It 's all very uninteresting and very dull , nothing happens , it 's very forgettable and I think i will delete it from my computer and forget I ever watched it .
3	Sorry David !
9	I am a huge fan of David Lynch .
11	This film , however , was a quite disappointing experience .
33	Apart from the ambient background music  which really sets the mood of the film  it lacks almost all the qualities that I have come to associate with Lynch 's work .
24	The visuals are dull , to say the least , and the dialog is to vague and monotone to be of any interest .
23	This feels more like a film students awkward try to do an arty dogma movie than the work of an experienced director .
19	I have seen a lot of amateur movies with far superior camera-work , scenery , sound and script .
8	This film lacks almost all artistic qualities .
22	I feel as though I am watching one of Davids home videos , produced during a weekend trip with some friends .
8	I grew up watching and loving TNG .
42	I just recently finished watching the entire series ST Voyager on DVD , which may have heightened my sense of disgust with this episode , as the difference in style and approach between the two shows could not be more stark .
30	The idea may have been good if used as an opportunity to further expand Riker 's character , which is how it probably would have been treated on VOY .
23	They could have featured memories that would be " new " to the audience , rather than simply regurgitating old show clips .
39	The in and out transitions between the " memories " and the " present " in this episode start as cliché in the beginning , and very quickly become intolerable as the tired pattern wears on and on .
7	Bar none - worst episode ever .
32	Two years ago , on Berlin Film Festival we watched the Amos Kollek movie " Sue " in the Panorama program , with a wonderful Anna Thomson in the leading part .
20	It 's a film about loneliness and sex , and how the one thing is compensated by the other .
46	In the same section on the Festival now we have to complain the superfluous antithesis of Sue , " Extension du domaine de la lutte " , which now tries to convince us that loneliness and having NO sex is one and the same problem .
33	But unfortunately we can not sympathize with " our hero " ( how he is called by the story-teller ) , because he is unnecessarily and incomprehensibly tired of company and himself .
7	Own fault , I am sorry .
6	I can not understand him .
45	Not enough , the writer / director / actor want us admitting to him , that it 's not his destroyed self-consciousness or the passivity of his personality , what brought him so far , but the rotten society and its image of sexuality .
45	Yes , there are some deeper insights about gender relations , but we will not follow him so far ... And the point is , that there is rather any sign of reflection about his own portion to the fate , having no sex .
31	Who did not notice yet , it 's a quite depressing film ... In the beginning , there had been some starts to be more accurate in sketching the situation .
17	At the bed store the " hero " speaks about the hindrances buying a new bed .
17	Nobody believes , that " our hero " is able to instigate Tisserand for a murder .
38	Too dull , too kind , too - passive ( not to mention Tisserand 's complex ; he has an inhibition , but he could not be , of course , a murderer of women ! ) .
21	To finish : There are women and the world , it 's not a device of a modern sexualized society .
35	Help you as you can , but do not follow the messages and the " wisdom " of this movie , which announces bankruptcy to human relationships , without seizing the real conflicts within .
19	Because of the 1988 Writers Guild of America strike they had to shoot this episode in 3 days .
47	It 's pretty much crap , consisting of repeat cut + pasted clips from Season 2 and was described by its writer , Maurice Hurley as " terrible , just terrible . " Why the producers could not just wait to shoot something decent who knows .
37	I am guessing because of the strike the production ran out of money and could only release a flashback episode or maybe Roddenberry was too sick at the time to be able to veto this half-assery .
19	This episode also marks the final appearance of Diana Muldaur ( Dr. Katherine Pulaski ) on the series .
29	Diana Muldaur ( who also appeared at least twice on the original series ) deserved a better final appearance than this for her character , Dr. Kate Pulaski .
20	Loyal viewers ( in the Star Trek world , is there any other kind ? ) also were shortchanged .
27	This was the last episode of second season ; thus , the season ended " not with a bang " but with " a whimper . "
10	I loved this movie , I will admit it .
17	This has to be the best ( straight to ? ) video movie I have seen .
20	Well ... me and my friend decided just for shits n ' giggles that we 'd rent this movie .
16	We knew what to expect and we got exactly what we expected , plus more .
36	When that red neck gets slammed up against the tree by the Sasquatch , we literally watched that part about three to four times , it was that amazing ( hysterically , of course ) .
3	And why ?
12	Oh why does the main character have to roll that much ?
22	Like honestly , we know that you are in danger , rolling that much is not gonna help all that much .
16	But really , if this movie is in you are local video store RENT IT .
23	It is worth the money and it 's not even that bad , like it 's bad , but not incredibly bad .
16	Overall , complete amazing will be in store for you if you rent this movie .
9	It really is that bad of a movie .
13	My buddy rented it because he , well , is an idiot .
18	But then again , I must be an idiot too because I watched the whole damn thing !
17	The actors were on par with high school drama geeks who think that are going places .
16	The only place they will be going is back to waiting tables at Luby 's .
20	All I could think of while I was watching this " gem " was how it actually got made .
19	I mean , some " screenwriter " actually thought that this premise was fresh , original and lucrative .
34	Then some moron with money believed in the script so much that he decided to fork some cash over with the naive misconception that he was going to make a return on it .
34	Actors were cast , locations were scouted , make-up artists were hired , computer animators fresh out of Al Collins graphic Design School were brought in and this turd started to take form .
28	There obviously were a ton of things that I hated about this move but the one thing the drove me the craziest was the overuse of music .
9	Every single minute of this flick was scored .
9	There was not a single break in music .
24	And at times it was mixed higher than the dialogue , not that it made you miss some vital plot point or anything .
12	After it was over , we decided to watch Mystic River .
16	It was like driving a 1980 VW Diesel Rabbit then switching to a BMW 740il .
13	You could not get two more opposite movies in terms of quality .
8	How did this ever come into existence ?
29	I generally love sci F / Bigfoot whatever films etc . . . but I still expect them to be written without quite so much cheese as this .
10	The effects were sad , the lines were sadder .
5	Avoid at all costs .
35	I only ended up renting it because it was in the wrong case ( I was looking for the Sasquatch film with Lance Henrikson in it -- still have not seen that one ) .
11	The idea of the film is actually a good one .
14	There was a lot of potential to make a great little movie here .
14	I just do not understand how something like this ends up like this .
27	Go speak to the film / arts / English interested students in any high school and you will find people who can write a better script .
18	When i first saw this film i thought it was going to be a good sasquatch film .
30	Usually when you have these types of movies there is generally ONE sasquatch , but in this one there is like what ? 7 or 10 of them ? .
27	Acting was good , plot was OK , i liked the scenes where the sasquatch is killing the first few victims , very good camera work .
15	I was expecting it to be a gory film but it was very little .
8	This movie was way better than Sasquatch .
17	This movie is good for a rainy Saterday afternoon , but for any other occasions , no.
5	Oh where to begin .
5	The cinematography was great .
22	When the movie first started because of the initial landscape scenes I thought that I was in for a good movie .
7	Then the cgi Bigfoot showed up .
17	It looked like a cartoon drawing of the Lion king and king Kong 's love child .
11	It totally took away from the believability of the character .
24	Now I knew there was not a Bigfoot chasing people hiking around the woods for no apparent reason but a cheesy cgi cartoon .
12	So from then on the whole movie was shot for me .
22	The money they flushed down the toilet for the cgi they could of spent on a costume like roger Patterson did .
14	His was the best Bigfoot costume ever no one else could match his .
36	I am a hardcore cheesy Bigfoot movie fan and I was warned about this movie but my compulsion led me to watching this movie and I was disappointed like the previous reviews warned me about .
45	I know after you read this review you will still say " I must watch Sasquatch hunters , must watch Sasquatch hunters . " Then you will say why did I waste my good hard earned money on such a excruciatingly bad boring movie !
12	This is the biggest piece of lamo I have ever watched .
33	It is excruciatingly boring I would have rather sat through a seminar on creationism than have watched this if i had known it was going to be as boring as it was .
26	Not even the 40 seconds of the hot chick in the bikini with the big ta tas redeems this of anything lower than a 1 .
21	The reviews of this movie claiming that this movie is " unintentionally funny " are absurd and just plain WRONG .
23	Honestly though , I did not watch it to the ending , but that should say something about how horrible it is .
4	WORST MOVIE EVER .
44	Immediately after ejecting this filth from my DVD player I started scraping it against the cement in front of my house , not wanting other blockbuster customers to have to fall upon the same mistake i had made as to rent this movie .
6	Then Zach peed his pants .
5	Thankyou for your time .
15	foywonder 's review of this cheap STV hits the nail squarely on the head .
6	Make sure you read it .
34	In case you do not , a group of scientists heads off into the deep woods of the Pacific Northwest , to fumble around with a bunch of bones in an animal graveyard .
25	The Big Foot family does not take kindly to this , and proceeds to pick off the team one by one , largely offscreen .
22	Big Foot himself has a distinctly ape-like face , but is less scary overall than Harry from HARRY AND THE HENDERSONS .
23	Most of the movie has the wooden , generic actors pretending to be scientists tromping around in the woods and yakking away .
16	This is a no-budget movie in which very little happens , at least on screen .
27	We do get to watch the sexiest of the females take a shower while one of her male companions watches , but nothing comes of this .
23	I got this movie out of Blockbuster in one of those racks were you can get like 5 movies for 20 bucks .
15	I 'd have to say I got my money 's worth on this one .
13	I had expected horrible dialogue , crappy monsters , and shaky cameras .
13	Well , as Meatloaf said , two outta three ai not bad .
16	The acting is bad , though not as bad as some movies I have seen .
16	Or maybe I have watched so many low budget movies recently I have lost perspective .
26	There are some bits were the acting is downright terrible , but for the most part it 's of at least High School Play level .
14	The CG for the Sasquatch in this movie is probably the second-worst part .
32	The first thing I thought when I saw it ( and I noticed another reviewer agreed with me ) was that a man in an ape suit would have been better .
8	Clunky stop-motion animation would have looked better .
14	So you may be asking why I call the CG the second-worst part .
15	That 's because the very worst part of the movie is the sound effects .
9	They are loud , annoying , and constant .
35	I have been camping , I know what insects sound like in the woods at night , and while they can be loud , they are not deafening like the cacophony in this movie .
38	Usually when the " background " sounds drown out the movie 's dialogue , it 's a bad thing , but from what I caught of the dialogue of this film , I was not missing much .
7	The action was infrequent and boring .
15	The tension was non-existent , as was any sense of empathy with the characters .
12	Speaking of the characters , they were all cookie-cutter and bland .
17	The only mildly engaging byplay was between ... actually , I can not think of anything .
20	There was a line or two that made me crack a wan smile , but that was about it .
21	The cinematography was decent , a step or two above what you 'd normally see in a movie like this .
26	However , it still had that " home movie " quality to it that you get with movies made on pocket change and a prayer .
31	If you are like me and get a kick out of shoestring budget genre flicks , and you see this one in the dollar bin , think about grabbing it .
8	Otherwise , stay away at all costs .
15	A group of forest rangers and scientists go into the woods to find fossils .
41	They stumble on a Bigfoot burial ground eventually ( the did not notice it in the dark ) , The scenes of the CGI Bigfoot are horrid , but better than the endless scenes of talking that they rarely punctuate .
17	I used to think that there just might be a good Bigfoot movie to be made .
18	But now after so many sad sad movies about the legend , I am having serious doubts .
22	To pour salt in the wound of watching this film , the ONE good-looking girl just does not get naked once .
42	And while this one MAY be better than " Boggy Creek 2 " ( no mean feat there ) , it 's still sad that the best non-documentary film on Bigfoot remains " Harry and the Henriksons " My Grade : D
26	This is definitely the worst bigfoot movie I have ever seen and quite possibly the overall worst movie I have ever seen in my life .
34	The actors and actresses were horrible and it seemed like they were trying way too hard to play their roles as dorks , tough guys , jerks , know it alls , etc .
7	And the bigfoot itself was terrible .
18	It appeared to be some kind of computer generated image from the days of Atari & Intellivision .
42	At one point near the end of the movie as an army of sasquatches were chasing after the remaining survivors , one gets shot and as it 's running it looked like a poor man 's version of donkey kong himself !
20	And one gets hit by a bullet and the blood that comes out of it was just awful animation .
9	Another thing that was annoying was the music .
20	Way way way too much music ( classical score or whatever you call it ) throughout the entire film .
5	It was never ending .
9	Oh yeah , the movie is boring too .
11	Absolutely one of the worst films I have ever seen .
28	I highly recommend taking your $3 or whatever they charge to rent this movie and spending it on a gallon of gas or a value menu somewhere .
3	TRULY AWFUL !
35	The French film " Extension Du Domaine De La Lutte " directed by iconoclast film maker Philippe Harel is based on the book of the same name written by a controversial writer Michel Houellebecq .
10	He has also worked on this film 's scenario .
18	According to British cinema magazine Sight and Sound , it is also known as " Whatever " .
34	This film has been hailed as a breath of fresh air for French cinema due to its not so common theme of sexual politics and its implications on two stupid information technology workers .
19	The film is marred by its much too evident voice over which introduces us to the main character .
17	This makes us viewers feel as if we are watching a book that is bring read .
36	The basic premise of problems related to loneliness due to chronic sexual drought is fine but the film goes out of hand once the hero starts recounting the misery faced by him and his friend .
18	Instead of sticking to its main topic the film veers in other directions leading to its downfall .
20	Beware : some women viewers might find not only the film but even its two heroes as moronic misogynists .
29	I have always been interested in anything about Bigfoot , so when I was browsing around looking for a movie to rent , this one caught my eye .
16	It was the WORST $4.50 I have ever spent and I want my money back !
10	Please do not waste your money on this ! !
12	This was one of the cheapest movies I have ever seen .
28	The entire movie was so incredibly boring and I found myself rolling my eyes a lot and I did not even watch it all the way through .
8	I just got fed up with it .
18	The acting was horrible , the effects were horrible , everything was just really bad and tasteless .
20	It all added up to be a really bad , boring movie and total waste of time and money .
36	I hope that one day they will make a good movie about Sasquatch , but until then , I will have to sit through countless cheap duds like this one to find the real masterpiece .
12	Budget , decent actors ... who knew these things were important .
11	Do not waste your time on this piece of junk .
5	The effects are crap .
5	The acting is crap .
27	The only thing that could have made this even tolerable was a little cheap T & A and that gets squandered in the first 20 minutes .
15	The only even remotely redeeming quality about this movie is the very awkward profanity .
18	It was like they found the only 7 people on the planet who have never cursed before .
3	Hats off !
21	If you want to see some dude in a bad suit just go back and look at old prom photos .
31	The only way for a Bigfoot flick to be any good is for it to have a big budget and some actors who did not come from Frogballs Community Theater .
4	That 's right .
39	A movie written , directed and produced by Fred Tepper and family . ( Fred should have known better , having worked the sets of ' Titantic ' and ' Dogma ' . ) So , the plot .
19	There are some scientists , and some forest rangers , and a hot chick with huge fake breasts .
34	They are all really bad at their jobs , including the hot chick ( who I think is supposed to be a photographer , but who cares because she wears a bikini ) .
34	One of the forest rangers comments that the scientists are " professional people , " which is good , because it would be horrible if they were professional grubs or jellybeans or Ewoks .
32	They are hiking through the woods in search of some strange ape-like bones , and no one even once mentions that the bones just might be those of the infamous Bigfoot .
15	They just wander around and one of the rangers unabashedly hits on the hottie .
29	We all hope he dies real soon ( along with his sister who 's meant to be the cute naive one , but is really just annoying ) .
19	Then they , * gasp * , find a Sasqu ... I mean , Ape-like Animal Burial Ground .
33	Of course , no mentions that it might just be Bigfoot bones they are messing with ... I guess scientists and forest rangers just do not think about those types of things .
43	Then Sasquatch and his tribe get really angry and kill all the people we dislike , chases the other losers away and buries his Great Aunt Muriel and Cousin Josh ( who died in an unfortunate trout accident ) all over again .
14	You check it out though ; it 's good for some unintentional laughs .
26	There have been many movies featuring Bigfoot , the majority of which are not good but most at least have a goofy charm to them .
11	Sasquatch Hunters does not even have that going for it .
7	It 's just a crashing bore .
27	Sasquatch Hunters is about a group of paleontologists , primatologists , and forest rangers that venture off into a remote part of a Pacific Northwest forest .
34	Bones belonging to some sort of abnormally large primate have been discovered in this region and since apes are not natural to North America to begin with this leads to a scientific expedition .
21	Sure enough , they soon discover a whole burial ground full of the skeletal remains of these enormous ape-like creatures .
18	I think we all know what happens to people that disturb ancient burial grounds in the movies .
41	When Sasquatch finally shows up it just turns into people stumbling around in the dark while being picked off one at a time ( done in a blink and you missed it fashion and the actual killing occurs off-camera ) .
7	All of this is excruciatingly boring .
24	I 'd be lying if I said I did not make liberal use of the fast forward button to speed these scenes up .
28	As for Sasquatch himself , much like every other character else in the movie , it does not have much to do and lacks a distinct personality .
43	It looks like a shaggier version of King Kong , which is not all that bad except in the scenes where they used CGI instead of a man in a Bigfoot costume , which is painfully obvious during the daylight monster scenes .
24	A part of me can not help but feel that even using computer effects to bring Bigfoot to life is a tad sacrilegious .
23	If there is any single movie monster that I believe should only be brought to life through situation , it 's Bigfoot .
20	This is one of those movies that does not so much have a plot as it does a premise .
36	That 's all it really is , a premise , which the people involved stretched out to make a feature length motion picture without bothering to add all the ingredients to make a worthwhile movie .
46	Director Warren Beatty 's intention to turn Chester Gould 's famous comic strip into a live-action cartoon ( with Beatty himself cast in the lead as the square-jawed detective ) had sweet overtures of innocent nostalgia -- quite unusual and intriguing coming from Warren Beatty .
15	Unfortunately , the picture is requisite ham , fun for awhile but eventually tiring .
24	Dick Tracy attempts to bring down mobster Big Boy Caprice , aided by loving Tess Trueheart but tripped up by evil Breathless Mahoney .
41	For the first half-hour or so , the Oscar-winning art direction and set design are wonderful to absorb but , as the plot creaks along predictably ( with no real sting in the writing ) , things begin to congeal .
24	Lots of heart , thanks to Beatty -- who was dedicated to his vision -- but the picture is too cool and calculated .
7	It lacks heat . *1/2 from ****
13	This has to be one of the worst films of the 1990s .
42	When my friends & I were watching this film ( being the target audience it was aimed at ) we just sat & watched the first half an hour with our jaws touching the floor at how bad it really was .
43	The rest of the time , everyone else in the theatre just started talking to each other , leaving or generally crying into their popcorn that they actually paid money they had earnt working to watch this feeble excuse for a film .
29	It must have looked like a great idea on paper , but on film it looks like no-one in the film has a clue what is going on .
6	Crap acting , crap costumes .
12	I can not get across how embarrasing this is to watch .
11	Save yourself an hour & a bit of your life .........
10	Do not even ask me why I watched this !
40	The only excuse I can come up with that I was sick with Bronchitis and too weak to change the channel . : ) It 's too terrible for words , the movie that is , not the Bronchitis .
25	The acting is deplorable , Richard Grieco hams it up as a trigger-happy , gun-slinging serial killer with a penchant for knocking off cops .
28	Nick Mancuso phones in a performance as the cop on his trail and Nancy Allen manages to put in the only sympathetic role in the entire film .
29	The script is dismal , peppered with clichéd lines , " Are you ready , Pardner ? " purrs Richard Grieco to every single one of his victims .
2	Dire .
2	Avoid .
12	i just saw Dick Tracy and I thought it was terrible .
11	The paintings in the background of the cities looked awful .
8	Also the mob characters looked too weird .
22	Warren Beatty did not do an awful job as Dick Tracy but it was definetely not one of his better performances .
7	Madonna should just stick to singing .
10	Glenne Headly did a good job in this movie .
16	I gave this movie a 2/10 just because of the amazing acting by Al Pacino .
17	It was not a high note in his career but he still did a good job .
16	When people ask me whats the worst movie I have ever seen its this one .
25	Its not even close to MST3k level riffing , or midnight viewing at a theatre , or even as Disney channel late night filler .
7	You want pretty colors and cinematography ?
5	Ai not here babe .
34	Reviewers keep saying " oh , but its too look like a comic book " , well , to me , its the color of a Gordito after several weeks in the sun .
5	About as enjoyable too .
35	Beatty wanders around this landscape jumping around and talking to his watch , himself , and occasional at the other actors , hoping someone will tell him what time the sequel will begin shooting .
26	To be fair , I have only seen this movie once , but my pain threshold is that of a man , not a God .
10	This film is stale , and misses the mark .
15	It is far off compared to the 89 Batman that it tries to coppy .
19	That women singer whats her name can not act , and we see why her film carrier died .
18	Notice how this film died in the box office no one see this film on tv either .
18	My uncle and dad were expecting Batman , and the films impression is more like Cop Rock .
4	Not worth renting 3/10
15	As other viewers have mentioned , this film was an interesting experiment in photography .
7	The colors are comic book bold .
27	I think the director got carried away with his " artistic vision " over the look of the film instead o badly needed attention to content .
15	Despite its stellar cast , the performances are lackluster and the story nearly incoherent .
13	Madonna was likely cast purely as a stunt to get pre-release press .
24	I 'd guess the major portion of money from this film came from tie-ins to Madonna 's " I am Breathless " album .
42	If you watch it at home , by end-titles , you will think " there is two hours out of my life I 'd like to have back . " Save yourself the wasted time - do not bother with this .
11	Believe me , I wanted to like " Spirit " .
9	In an animated cartoon , this is fatal .
30	But it gets worse ... The horses can not talk , but they are far more anthropomorphised and unconvincing than the deer in " Bambi " , which can .
14	And it seems that , in a way , the horses CAN talk .
50	WAS native to North America - but all horse species on the continent had gone extinct long before the first humans arrived , and the mustangs of Spirit 's herd ( which allegedly " belong here like the buffalo grass " ) were descended from horses introduced by Europeans .
7	So the prologue rather annoyed me .
38	If only Bryan Adams and the guy-pretending-to-be-a-horse could have SHUT UP for a minute or two , the movie might have been allowed to take its true form : mediocre and derivative , rather than jaw-droppingly bad .
19	Flat , soulless computer images on less than astonishing backgrounds animates a horribly predictable story in this film .
30	Absolutely nothing takes you by surprise , you can even tell when the Bryan Adams vocals are going to come in , which are always at the wrong time .
20	The main character , Spirit the horse , is given an annoying voice when he narrates what is happening .
15	The narration is not needed , though , as everything happening is really obvious .
17	You can even tell what the horses are saying , although all they do is neigh .
29	Which would be good , but all the horses make exactly the same sounds - one for warning , one for sorrow , one for laughing , etc .
10	There is no variation between the horses ' voices .
9	Young kids might like this film , though .
23	It 's soppy enough for a family to sit down and watch , and there is little danger of anyone being frightened .
25	If you have nothing else to do , and want to watch a film with your kids , this is not a bad choice .
8	But otherwise , this is not recommended .
36	Decent animation and some workable character development keep this animated horse fable from DreamWorks at least watchable ... however it remains somewhat slow paced and the storyline is a bit on the silly side . .
33	It is interesting to see a reversal of the typical cowboys and indian roles , but here it just seems like a nod to political correctness rather than a proper storyline decision .
3	GRADE : C
14	Even though an animated film it really bored everyone under at least 6 .
45	As a grown up who grew up in an area with wild horses and native americans , it felt this was a combination of PC mixed in with too many fantasy films created by people who never lived in the area they filmed about .
22	Talk to those who have lived on horse back , most treat their animals like family members , regardless of background .
15	Regardless of background we have dealt with good and bad breakers of wild horses .
37	I had to explain that was a real life issues to us vs the movie makers views to children who were surprised to see how PC showed a world different than what they knew in reality .
28	This dreamworks break from the normal disney or dreamworks fare of cute talking animals burning up the screen was nice from the older viewer point of view .
20	But if you live in an area similar to what is shown , you may end up answering questions .
38	For anyone that loves predictable movies with an awful soundtrack , lack of dialogue , clichés up the wazoo , and also stereotypes that just happens to be typical of an American film , look no farther .
37	DreamWorks whether wanted to save money on acquiring voice talent , or really wanted to create an animated episode of National Geographic ; either way , they succeeded in delivering a rather bland and boring movie .
34	Spirit : Stallion of the Cimarron is a bore fest that sends mixed signals to kids and adults , and also fails to entertain despite the oh-so-cutesy theme of animals triumphing over humans .
18	After looking past the wonderful animations , what you have remaining is nothing but a big mess .
34	Spirit is about a stallion that from the beginning of the film looks like quite a handful , as he is a horse that can not be tamed , calmed , nor controlled .
22	Because of this , he rises and becomes the leader of his group of high-spirited horses , which includes his mom .
38	But , his life of freedom and running around comes to an abrupt halt as he is captured by a group of Americans in the process of connecting the Wild West with the rest of the country .
50	During this , Spirit ( never actually named that throughout the entire film almost ) befriends a courageous Native American , and a fellow female horse , and also has a lot of run-ins with the cynical and cruel Army folks that apparently do not believe in giving up .
9	Why must movies mix computer animation with traditional ?
15	It comes off looking rather meshed , something Spirited Away suffered from as well .
22	Best example is when a train is chasing after Spirit ; you see the hand-drawn Spirit running from a computer-animated train .
27	It would look much better if it were one or the other , but not both ; unless you can really pull off some nice effects .
29	Beauty and The Beast 's famous dance sequence uses computer animation , but it is nowhere near as obvious as the train or the snow in this movie .
30	The opening sequence was the best-looking part of the film , kind of sad to see the rest of the movie slide a bit downhill in terms of quality .
26	A little scene has multiple ; I mean multiple similar shots of just a general 's face , quite repetitive and annoying in my opinion .
31	The kids might enjoy this flick , but with lack of dialog , song , and motivation , it might be a perfect technique in making hyper children fall asleep .
29	While Disney becomes criticized for its animated musicals , they wind up becoming much more entertaining than a more realistic approach to telling a story like this one .
37	Bryan Adams has no place in this movie , and why does Hans Zimmer stay away from using a Western theme in this movie , when it is a story taking place in the Old West ?
10	Soundtrack sounds a bit off if you ask me .
15	At least they are using realistic noises of horses , two points for that .
34	Yet , if you are going to refrain from making horses talk , why even have a narrator interrupt every so often , which just so happens to be the main character himself ?
26	Native Americans are nice , and the Western folks are evil , Native-killing , horse torturing , rowdy , psychopathic monsters that must be destroyed .
12	More or less , this is what Spirit is showing us .
40	Now , the person Spirit befriended happened to betray him , on more than one occasion , yet that is forgivable , apparently because he is not a soldier ; that or because he has the sassy female horse .
40	This film gets quite rhythmic , as we see in multiple instances Spirit escaping from chains , kicking people around , destroying property , freeing horses , and then getting captured again --- all in this same order too .
34	The writers also seem to have an obsession with cliffs because they are sprinkled all over the movie ; for an Old West film , they certainly have very little room to roam .
32	Bottom Line : This is most certainly no Disney movie , as a matter of fact that is a bad thing , even though it was what they were aiming for .
24	So , instead of the typical musical , we get a boring film that becomes predictable , dull and slow in multiple instances .
14	Even the decent animation becomes inconsistent when the computer work gets thrown in .
36	Everything about this movie was just wrong ; from the ideals that back then Americans that were not native were evil buffoons , to the soundtrack and musical score that just seemed so far off .
27	Kill Bill Vol. 2 , which pretty much has nothing to do with the Old West , has more of a Western feel than this movie .
13	Do yourselves a favor and totally skip this by all means necessary .
3	Thank you .
31	( Some possible spoilers ) I am not too sure what Dreamworks was thinking when they decided to plunk $80 million down on this extremely tired and lame animated flick .
24	They probably thought the spectacular animation would be more than enough to bring audiences ( mostly families ) to see it in droves .
32	Well it seemed to work for the opening weekend , it made $26 mil . , roughly and has made $38.1 mil . total ( an estimation for this weekend ) .
27	But I think audiences that came during the weekend saw pretty much the same thing I did , when I saw and they spread the word .
27	This is one majorly lame movie , apart from the animation everything else , mostly the script seem to be done by a three year old .
19	The movie is only about 80 mins . long , but it feels like a three hour epic .
24	A few sticking points for me are , well the irritating narration is one of them , and it 's so obviously written .
23	Here 's the good news first . " Spirit " is the most visually incredible animated film in current home theater release .
24	The artwork and effects are revolutionary , and I recommend that you give this movie a look by virtue of the visuals alone .
7	And now for the bad news .
21	I really mean it when I say that the animation is the only thing this movie has going for it .
19	You may remember that " Spirit " got badly trounced by " Lilo and Stitch " last summer .
40	The first person who argues that it was because Disney is more well-established and had better advertising can write me a four page long essay entitled " Why ' Lilo and Stitch '' s Script Did not Stink " .
23	For all the incredible new animation technology on display in " Spirit " , the story is almost * astonishingly * dull .
21	There is a lesson here , and ( needless to say ) it does not just apply to animated movies .
41	You can have the most mind-blowing visual effects ever to grace the eyes of a mortal , but if your story is boring and , more importantly , we do not care about your characters , it 's bad film-making .
4	Simple as that .
22	The animation is still mind-blowing ; I just can not wait to see what somebody with more imagination does with it .
27	It was not the most pointless animation film experience ever , but it certainly can not be admired as much as it tries to be good .
41	Combining Dreamworks animation and computer graphics , this is the story of a mustang , later named Spirit ( Matt Damon , providing the first person narration ) , and his journey through across the frontiers of the Old West .
39	Basically he is born free amongst all the other horses in the beautiful countryside , then he is kidnapped to be used as a saddle horse , he manages to throw off all who try to ride him .
39	However when he escapes his cage , along with Little Creek ( Daniel Studi ) , the two of them form a friendship , oh , and he obviously has a thing for Little Creek 's female horse .
31	Also starring Chopper Bernet as Sgt. Adams , Jeff LeBeau as Murphy / Railroad Foreman , John Rubano as Soldier , Richard McGonagle as Bill and Matthew Levin as Joe .
45	I was expecting to see the horses talk in this film , but it turns out to be more like a Dumbo thing throughout , and the songs by Bryan Adams are not the most engaging , but it is not a terrible film .
30	It was nominated the Oscar for Best Animated Feature , and it was nominated the Golden Globe for Best Song for Bryan Adams ' " Here I Am " .
2	Okay !
29	It is nice to see the likes of Oliver Stone , Brian DePalma , Al Pacino , and even Michelle Pfiefer make one monumental piece of cinematic garbage .
33	It is nice to see people so rich and ' successful ' wasting their time on one of the most forgettable , trite , and pathetic pieces of film-making of all time .
8	This movie represents the worst of Hollywood .
4	What is this ?
8	Is it based on a true story .
19	Well , they do start with some basic news bites and facts that they read off USA today .
32	But then the movie departs to some fantasy world and a ' cuban ' refugee going to make it in the American drug subculture ; kind of like Rocky on cocaine .
9	Is it a movie about Cuba or Cubans ?
18	For the life of me I do not believe there is a single Cuban in this movie .
21	The accents are totally fake , and scene with Antonio 's mother looks like a poster for midwest American values .
14	The whole scene looks like something out of the Dick Van Dyke show .
6	Is this movie about Miami ?
9	It looks more like L.A. transposed in Florida .
10	Afterall , a palm tree is a palm tree .
6	Is this a romance novel .
32	The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is so obvious from the getgo , and there is not one shred of possibility that these two characters could ever care for each other .
6	Is this a drug movie ?
12	Well , no issues of obsession or addiction are even mentioned .
22	The behavior of the actors after a line of coke is nothing different than had they had a drink of water .
7	Admittedly , the acting is terrible .
7	Let us get to the rest .
19	The music is disgusting and sounds like latin elevator music or something out of a Lawrence Welk show .
7	I think I heard a polka ?
19	The camera work is shoddy with too much movement and far more cranes than could ever be effective .
8	Clearly , the photography budget was excessive .
22	The sound is bleached in a number of spots , and the dialogue seems to be carried out in a warehouse .
5	The writing is appalling .
12	This is one of those movies were the script writes itself .
23	You are dragged from one trite piece of dialogue to the next , each pushing the plot like a sack of bricks .
13	So I am going to ask , Is this even a movie ?
15	It could be a drama series patched together for two and a half hours .
12	But at least a drama series has some kind of focus .
13	Maybe it is just a bunch of poorly acted scenes taped together .
15	Whatever it is , movie or not , it is a piece of crap .
22	... but the keyword here is " usually . " I have been known to adore movies EVERYONE thinks are dumb .
13	But in the world of B-rated movies , THIS one is Z-rated .
3	Absolutely ridiculous .
21	The thing I respect about most of my favorite B-rated movies are that they do not take themselves too seriously .
20	The makers of movies like that sort-of treat the movie lightly , even if it 's a heavy topic .
40	I get the impression , however , that the producers of this movie took themselves way to seriously , like they were putting together a 10-star classic , complete with poor attempts at poignant lines and dumb camera shots .
25	Nevertheless , despite all this , I STILL gave it 4 out of 10 stars , as I am biased towards movies like this .
19	If you are a B-rated fan , however , I would try too hard to find this one .
8	Spoken like a true hard-boiled u'an gangsta .
28	The story is no worse than any number of gangster flicks , but never ever confuse this movie with The Godfather I or II , or Goodfellas .
8	It is not in the same league .
28	But what makes the film periodically painful to watch is all these Italian Americans swaggering around dropping bad gangsta lines in an even worse fake u'an accent .
13	Pacino would have been great if they could just have dubbed him .
18	I was looking forward to see Abrahams and Loggia , but their steenky accents spoiled the fun .
11	Ah well , the script ai not too hot either .
24	Don Corleone would have made this disappear five minutes after meeting him , smiling and patting him on the back all the while .
17	This is not really a proper review since I did not see most of the film .
5	I stopped watching it .
23	The film is very violent , with nasty drug dealers and street punks , but that is not why I stopped watching .
23	Here was the problem : I watched just enough to be introduced to several characters , all of whom were not interesting .
21	Everyone was a tedious , despicable psychopath , with no engaging personalities , giving me nothing to look forward to .
21	I found myself not the least bit curious about what they would do next or what might happen to them .
33	If there had been even one person of interest , and I do not mean good or nice person , I mean an interesting person , I could have stayed with it .
12	Watch " State of Grace " to see what I mean .
20	In that film the Gary Oldman character is a complete lunatic , but he is * very * interesting .
19	Al Pacino perhaps did a good job in Scarface , but his character just did not engage me .
15	I must be that one guy in America that did not like this movie .
40	I guess this just was not my style or something , I just do not see what 's so fascinating about it , this was * barely entertaining , let alone one of the greatest achievements in cinema history .
19	It 's about a guy that came from nothing , and goes on to become a drug lord .
20	Pretty simple way to describe an entire movie , and that 's exactly my feeling about the entire movie .
37	Contrary to what a lot of people think , just because a movie is about mafias / drug trade / criminal groups does not automatically make it a great movie , do not forget good storytelling .
8	There is a lot to like here .
23	The actors are first rate and the script provides good dialog best capturing the ambiance of a tightly knit , likable family .
12	However , for that reason the film does not ring true .
34	We see Leo , who apparently just learned of his HIV positive diagnosis , essentially react in a way that is not in tune to the supportive atmosphere for which he finds himself .
33	As well , the film ends somewhat abruptly avoiding what Leo , his brother and the rest of this close family must have dealt with in light of their love for him .
22	The young actor who plays Leo 's brother , Marcel , is impressive as generally is the rest of the cast .
41	Unfortunately , the scriptwriters could not decide onwhether they wanted an insightful dissertation on the effects of HIV on a functional , appealing family or what the devastation HIV is on the victim - so it only hints at both .
18	While this film provides food for thought it leaves the viewer wanting much more than it delivers .
4	THIS CONTAINS SPOILERS .
15	I have rarely seen a film that is as unbelievable as this one is .
18	And being French , it tries for depth by being enigmatic  nothing really makes any sense .
18	Léo is gay and has just announced at breakfast to his family that he is HIV positive .
37	The youngest brother , Marcel , has not yet come down to breakfast , and the first thing the family does is decide that at 12 years of age he is too young to be told .
11	Maybe if he was four or five , but twelve ?
33	The first totally unbelievable thing is that the family does not even ask where or how he got the virus , how long he has known about it  nothing is asked .
8	They only worry about Marcel finding out .
49	This is a very close  knit provincial family , but although they decide not to let Marcel know about Léo 's HIV positive status nor the fact of his being gay , the rest of the family accepts all this news with absolutely no questions or reactions .
29	How many families do you know where the parents / brothers would not have at least SOME reaction to one of the members announcing that he is gay ?
4	Here , nothing .
14	Léo decides that he needs to go to Paris to see his ex-lover .
16	And he decides to go on the trip with , of all people , Marcel .
17	Do you know anyone who would bring his little brother along to go see a lover ?
23	Again , totally unbelievable , especially since Marcel is not supposed to know either of his medical problems nor of his homosexuality .
23	If this is the way the family has decided to let him find out , it is rather brutal and again unbelievable .
17	Léo goes to find his lover , Aymeric , at his work in a Paris bar .
14	The owner says that Aymeric will not be there until the early evening .
11	But why would Léo want to see him at work ?
19	Why not phone and arrange to see him in some place more private where they can really talk ?
10	Why not go and see him at his home ?
35	But no , Léo shows up later in the day ( with Marcel in tow ) and is surprised when Aymeric does not just drop everything to go walk with him for 5 minutes .
30	Aymeric tells him that he is no longer available , that it was Léo who left him , and that Léo had not replied to any of his letters .
13	Léo says " But I love you " and then wanders off .
31	But if he really loved Aymeric , would not he have at least told him about his HIV status , to warn him to get tested and maybe get medication ?
14	This would be the least he could do  but not a peep .
17	He leaves and does not even warn Aymeric that he might have contracted the AIDS virus .
39	This is totally irresponsible of him  and of the film-makers ; this film was apparently made for a French TV series for young people  it is the perfect way to show kids how to be responsible .
38	Well , not here  I guess " Every man for himself " is still the French way of doing things  Another aspect of the film which was totally unbelievable was the " touchy-feely " aspect .
13	Everyone is always leaning against someone , caressing someone or kissing someone .
8	Inside the family and outside the family .
17	I have never seen anyone in France be THIS physical , never mind an entire family .
38	Seated at the breakfast table , one 17 year old brother has his leg perched on the lap of his elder brother , and the elder brother is caressing his leg as everyone sits around discussing something .
12	How many brothers do you know who are THAT physically close ?
18	This and another similar scene between Léo and Marcel gave a somewhat incestuous feel to the film .
16	Sorry , again I do not believe that this is regular behaviour between teenage brothers .
26	The only good thing I can say about the film is that the actors are all quite fine  especially Marcel in the main role .
25	But it was not really enough  HIV and AIDS are far too serious to be presented in such a vague and irresponsible light .
45	At the end of the film , the family has gone to the cemetery to bury Léo , but once again , Marcel has been left out of it  he has been left in the care of a cousin ( I think ) .
11	Nevertheless he sneaks out and watches the funeral from afar .
11	Is this what such a close-knit family would have done ?
17	It is totally inconceivable that they would not have included him in his brother 's funeral .
19	It was the last scene of the film , and it was the last straw for this viewer .
19	I do not really post comments , but wanted to make sure to warn people off this film .
12	It 's an unfinished student film with no redeeming features whatsoever .
23	On a technical level , it 's completely amateur - constant unintentional jump edits within scenes , dubbing wildly off , etc .
17	The plot is completely clichéd , the structure is laughable , and the acting is embarrassing .
47	I do not want to be too harsh : I have made my share of student films , and they were all awful , but there is no reason for this film to be out in the world where innocent fans will have to see it .
19	Safe assumption that - much like the cast - positive comments are filmmakers , friends , and family .
16	I can not vote on this because I would not watch garbage from these people .
20	They got my money with another movie ( Mr. Jingles ) and I swore it would never happen again .
16	I feel it 's my civic duty to help people stay away from this trash .
26	Go to the forums on this film and read where cast members try to act like they are seeing the movie for the first time .
12	One guy even responds to himself ... using the same name !
28	There are shills in the forum that say it 's as good as Shawshank Redemption and Citizen Kane ... Not even close ( by no means ) .
17	If this is the company 's 2nd movie , it should be better than the first .
11	That means the 3rd movie should be a lot better .
8	Not so , I have seen it .
19	All I want to know is how you distribute this trash using the same names all the time .
23	Having fun with friends and making a movie over the weekend is fine ... but do not try to market that trash !
11	I have seen many , many productions of The Nutcracker .
22	Now perhaps I viewed this movie from the tainted point of view of a theatrical director , but I was disappointed .
40	I am sure people in the specific business of ballet choreography find this production impressive but from a purely theatrical perspective I found everything from design to choreography to be lackluster and unbefitting of a " motion picture " .
27	This makes the entire show very satisfactory ( at best ) , as if it were intended to not set itself apart from any other production .
30	But remember , again , this is from the artistic perspective of a theatrical director , not a dancer or a choreographer , but a straight male theatrical director .
9	The TV guide calls this movie a mystery .
46	What is a mystery to me is how is it possible that a culture that can produce such intricate and complex classical music and brilliant mathematicians can not produce a single film that would rise above the despicable trash level this film so perfectly represents .
17	This is Bollywood at its best / worst , I honestly can not tell the difference .
19	Nauseatingly sweet , kitschy clichés on every level , story-line , situations , dialog , music and choreography .
14	To put it bluntly , you must be a retard to enjoy it .
31	I watched it to satisfy my cultural curiosity , but there were times when I had to walk away from it , because I could not take it any more .
16	The only redeeming quality of the movie is the exquisite beauty of the leading actresses .
10	The Nutcracker has always been a somewhat problematic ballet .
16	It bears little resemblance to ETA Hoffman 's original story on which it is based .
35	In the ballet , the story is essentially over by the second-half when Clara ( or Marie in this version ) travels to the Kingdom of Sweets to watch a series of character dances .
29	There is an infinite variety of stage productions that re-interpret the story in myriad ways ( not always successfully ) to compensate for the ballet 's weak libretto .
35	Balanchine 's version does not really have any sense of drama or story at all ( despite the fact that there is plenty of drama and mystery in Tchaikovsky 's wonderful first-act music ) .
32	The result is a completely forgettable first-half Christmas party where hardly anything happens and where even the dancing ( the little that there is of it ) is not particularly memorable .
25	The pantomime over-acting , particularly of Drosselmeier , which might look passable on the stage , just looks silly filmed for the big screen .
24	Unfortunately , things are not much better when we get to the Kingdom of Sweets ( Act II in the stage version ) .
17	Although there are a few choreographic highlights , most of the choreography is bland and uninspiring .
7	This certainly is not vintage Balanchine .
27	Balanchine is widely regarded as a master of abstract dance , but I have always felt he was less successful as a creator of narrative ballets .
17	Watching this film version of his stage production of The Nutcracker has only re-affirmed this view .
9	And may they have mercy on us all .
38	The premise is simple and is designed to be light-hearted : an eligible gay man is courted by a number of suitors , eliminated show by show until one is left , but there is a twist .
8	Half of the men are actually straight .
50	This is not much of a big deal , but the inherent viciousness of the scenario kicks in after hearing the pay-off : if , at the end of the show , the gay man picks a straight man in disguise , the straight man wins a cash prize .
22	What makes it even worse , though , is the fact that straight men are playing UP these stereotypes for cash .
47	The producers of this show believe that all you have to do is put enough hair gel in a man 's hair , dress up in Abercrombie & Fitch with a pair of designer sandals , strip him of all body hair and fat and voila !
38	It 's the gay equivalent to putting a white performer in blackface , and just as offensive to those of us -- like myself -- who are genuinely gay and do not dress / act like that .
25	It implies that gays have no variance or chance for individuality , that they can not behave like real people , only like stereotypes .
18	Never mind the fact that the bank of suitors is sorely lacking in any kind of diversity .
17	All are gym-toned , most are white , and all look far too scrubbed and cleaned .
39	This is another example of how , instead of fostering acceptance of gays as dynamic individuals capable of variance and change , Hollywood has again taken a stereotype and run with it all the way to the bank .
31	I feel genuinely dirty watching this show , as show any gay man who sees this unabashed parade of soft-core pornography masquerading as legitimate television . 1 out of 10 .
8	I really wanted to love this show .
6	I truly , honestly did .
18	For the first time , gay viewers get their own version of the " The Bachelor " .
42	With the help of his obligatory " hag " Andra , James , a good looking , well-to-do thirty-something has the chance of love with 15 suitors ( or " mates " as they are referred to in the show ) .
16	The only problem is half of them are straight and James does not know this .
28	If James picks a gay one , they get a trip to New Zealand , and If he picks a straight one , straight guy gets $25,000 .
8	How can this not be fun ? !
19	Take my hand , lets stroll : The most glaring problem with this show is the bachelor himself .
35	James is your typical young and successful gay guy with a nice smile and body , the one you 'd probably give two glances towards at your local bar before grazing for greener pastures .
14	Why they chose to cast James as the leading man is beyond me .
20	God knows there is so many other hotter and vivacious homosexual men out there dying to be on TV .
21	Aside from his rather average physical appearance , James is about as interesting and exciting as a piece of chalk .
15	Even as such , he has this arrogant , smugly condescending aura about him .
21	However , if James were standing up against a blank , white wall he 'd meld right into in it .
20	I honestly can not recall a single interesting or noteworthy thing James said during the course of the show .
7	He is THAT boring and forgettable .
18	In fact , one of the mates flat out advised him he was not feeling a connection .
11	I thought that was the best part of the show .
10	Also , James speaks with an excruciatingly annoying lilt .
25	Sound feminine or sound masculine , but do not **** ing segue tones in the middle of sentences ... so painful to sit through .
34	I hated him so much all throughout the show I kept thinking , " Please choose a straight guy and humiliate yourself and your unfortunate looking hag " Then we have the suitors .
18	A remarkably bland bunch of men who do not seem to care either way what is happening .
46	Equally vapid , they seem to be indistinguishable from one guy to the next except , " Hey that guy has blond highlights or oh that one has curly hair " Again , astoundingly inept casting decisions seem to be the aim of this show .
25	While it may be hackneyed to type cast roles , it would 've been a lot more entertaining to watch than these amorphous drones .
28	However , in all their banality they still manage to upstage James ( which is not all that hard to do anyway ) , slightly that is .
22	You know you have a problem when some of the suitors are actually hotter and more interesting than the leading man .
20	And the fact that the suitors seem to have more fun around EACH OTHER than with the leading man ?
3	Very sad .
32	Also , I just thought that Id point something mentioned on the message boards which I felt was actually true : the straight men are all hotter than the gay guys .
31	Do not get me wrong , Im not saying all the gay guys were ugly and boring , as a matter of fact I found some of them very cute .
30	It 's just that overall they were just BLAH compared to the men you 'd see on shows like A Shot At Love with Tila Tequila or The Bachelorette .
15	I do not know how many times I hit fast forward during this show .
34	I can accept a lead character as interesting as a cardboard box , I can accept the mundane , apathetic suitors but PLEASE for the love of God entertain me just a little .
4	No such luck .
18	If you are expecting drama , intrigue , sexiness , or excitement you will be SEVERELY disappointed .
28	The biggest " drama " comes from the fact that one of the suitors still may have a boyfriend in New York ( How scandalous ! ) .
24	As titillating as that may be I guarantee you , that is the ONLY thing that remotely resembles any conflict on this show .
35	We get to watch as James & Co plod along such exciting activities such as learning how to Western step dance , shopping for gifts , visiting a petting zoo , and gay karaoke .
2	YAWN .
16	Sure you have the occasional topless dancing but who cares when everyone is boring anyway .
37	That 's one of main problems with the show : NO ONE seems to be enjoying themselves -- they are there just going through the motion trying mightily hard to appear to have a good time .
16	And you really cant blame them since the events are all wildly unimaginative and lame .
9	Finally , the physical aspect is not there .
20	There is no cuddling , no caressing , no kissing ( ! ) , no endearment of any sort .
45	It 's just " Ok that was a boring date , Im gonna go back to my ugly , tacky wanna-be Sydney Operahouse dwelling ( quick peck on the lips ) CYA . " This show is so **** ing prudish it 's ridiculous .
23	I can understand them not wanting to play up the perceived indiscretionary nature of homosexual men , but come the **** on .
17	People who watch reality TV shows are gonna want more than standoffish hugs and curt kisses .
6	This show refuses to compromise .
18	Sorry if this was long winded but I felt these were issues that needed to be addressed .
29	I do commend Bravo for first putting up a show of this nature , but the staggeringly incompetent manner in which this show was handled is mind boggling .
17	To summarize my three points : Boring + Boring + Boring = go do something else .
23	You will have more fun waiting at a doctor 's office for an appointment , at least they have interesting magazines there .
26	If this is the first of the " Nemesis " films that you have seen , then I strongly urge you to proceed no further .
21	The sequels to " Nebula " prove to be no better ... hard to believe considering this entry is bottom-of-the-barrel .
15	This movie tries , but it 's just not worth your time , folks .
5	Take a nap instead .
23	Nemesis became a cult hit , that I can see why people liked even though I was no fan of said film .
25	Nemesis tried very ambitiously to come up with different ideas , develop a beautiful look and provide tons of action , it almost worked .
20	I will admit I was no fan of the original but it deserved a better follow up than this .
46	The original also featured a good cast like Tim Thomerson , Cary Hiroyuki Tagawa , Thom Mathews , Brion James , Thomas Jane and yes Jackie Earle Haley this one features nobody and this time it 's just a dull movie with a pretentious vibe .
26	In fact after I saw this , it inspired to add a half star to the original . * out of 4 - ( Bad )
11	And that is the only reason I posses this DVD .
27	Now I have not seen the first Nemesis film , but I did check the info out of it and I here by say : What ?
2	Why ?
9	Because in the first film Alex was male .
32	But then again the first one was set in the future , so maybe this Alex is brand new one and the scientist just happened to make Alex female this time .
16	Who knows , at least it was not addressed in the film in any way .
50	Here 's a quick summary of the plot : Alex , still a baby then ( or how ever you want , as it was , is , in the future ) escapes with her mom using a special time vessel and ends up in the 80 's Africa .
17	There mommy gets killed and Alex ( Sue Price ) grows up in a African tribe .
24	Then the tribe gets slaughtered by a cyborg from the future and Alex then runs and hides and finally she kills the cyborg .
3	So there .
9	Does sound familiar , does not it ? .
45	Terminator is not the only film being ripped here , Predator gets its fair share too and I think the first Fly movie , the Vincent Price one , gets special nomination for giving a solid base to build up your cyborgs head from .
6	Lets see , what else ?
25	Okay , the film was quite standard small budget flick , but it did have bad special effects for a mid 90 's film .
13	It would have looked okay for a 80 's flick how ever .
6	Biggest problem is the plot .
10	Things just happen and the viewer is barely interested .
25	Nemesis 2 is not the crappiest piece of cinema I have had pleasure ( ? ) to watch but it does come damn close .
24	I will not say a thing about acting , because let us be honest here : did anyone expect Oscar worthy performances here ?
17	Oh well ... at least I did find Sue Price hot in that amazonian warrior way .
21	A " real " movie rating : 2/10 There is not a lot of pros about the over all quality .
16	And despite of the very basic plot the film it self makes very little sense .
28	A camp movie rating : 4/10 I did get occasional laughs from the sheer badness of the film , so it does have small merits in it .
50	I saw this movie in a theater in Chicago and should have enjoyed it , since I love Nemesis  but if the first half an hour is skillfully done , the rest is just sub-Predator video fodder , a long chase through those post-modern empty factories Pyun affectionnates .
5	My girlfriend fell asleep .
9	I still like Pyun though , but not this
36	Naming the absolutely most pathetic piece of crap in cinematic history is not an easy task , candidates being so abundant , but Nemesis 2 has been my personal favorite ever since I saw it .
16	I am utterly confounded that this clumsy home video ever made it to production stage .
19	It 's supposed to be a sequel , yet has no apparent connection whatsoever with the first film .
39	The hero has the same name , but this time " Alex " is female , although it took us half way into the movie to stop guessing , what with all the muscles and the barbarian-nomad outfit !
40	There is really no plot at all , it 's merely a prolonged chase scene , only it 's so slow-paced and senseless that calling it a chase scene makes it sound way more interesting than it really is .
49	There is almost no dialogue , which is just as well considering the quality of it , and then the film suddenly just comes to an abrupt end after a blatant action scene with lots of gasoline explosions , without ever really explaining what it was all about .
20	Luckily , it never gets boring , because there is something silly and phony going on at all times !
27	Terrible movies are usually just tedious , but Nemesis 2 is such a perfect mixture of over-seriousness and utter nonintentional wackiness that it 's truly entertaining .
15	Rent this film , or buy it even , you will not be disappointed !
2	Warning !
2	Spoilers !
15	UGHHHH ! ! ! 5.Did you know that angels do not like swearing ? !
24	Where the heck did that come from ! 6.In helping the team , the angel cause pain and humilation on the opposing team .
20	Very angelic indeed ! 7.The team the angels are helping are called ... can you guess ... THE ANGELS !
18	Disney at its worst ! 8 . " Just got his training wings . " Brillent line !
11	My conculsion : I did not like it at all .
11	Do I even need to tell you how it ends ?
23	The movie is just plain lowly escapism ( examples of high escapism are the various sci-fi movies from the ' 50s ) .
31	If these movies had some political undertone - or at least offered us a new look at life - then they would be OK ; this one is just pointless .
7	Far closer to diabolical than angelic .
26	Also starring Tony Danza , Adrien Brody and Matthew McConaughey , and I suspect that they do not wish to stress this in their resumes .
10	The movie seems disjointed and overall , poorly written .
22	The screenplay moves along as if 10 different people wrote it , and none of them were communicating with each other .
35	Apparently they wanted to take a page from a Miracle on 34th Street ( the original ) type film , but it is done in such a poor way that the movie falls apart .
27	This film is for only the very young , and even THEY will see the fact that whoever scripted it knows little to nothing about baseball .
46	However , when the team is one game from winning the Division , he gets bent out of shape over a story ( sourced by a 6 year old ) that the manager is getting help from a kid who claims to see real angels .
4	What sounds worse ?
16	A losing violent out of control manager whose team has lost 15 in a row ?
22	Or a winning coach on the verge of the playoffs that is acting a bit eccentric and is helping foster kids ?
8	The owner 's reaction makes no sense .
9	This is a poor film by any standard .
42	The story in Match Point had a certain intrigue , and the direction and writing a certain fascination ( Woody Allen mixing his own culture with that of the classic English murder and exploring what can be done with it ) .
8	Scoop , however has none of this .
21	It is poorly written , the two leads are hopelessly wooden and the story itself has no interest at all .
34	The genre that it spoofs requires at least some sort of subplot with witty explanations and tie-ups ( why are tarot cards and keys kept under French horns in locked rooms ? ) .
33	Allen 's delightful and witty versions of various Hollywood genres ( Curse of the Jade Scorpion / Purple Rose of Cairo etc ) have given us so much pleasure over the years .
9	Even Hollywood Ending had a great central idea .
9	Sadly his inspiration has deserted him this time .
13	I wonder if there is any sense of sense in this movie .
5	Its a big joke .
3	Good . .
4	Its entertaining . .
19	You get to see the most stupid plot played very seriously in the form of a film . .
12	I wonder which audience group this movie is basically targeted to .
24	Priety ( a pros ) plays a surrogate mom for a happy couple Salman / Rani who want a child but can not .
20	I wonder how it would be if this drama was a real-life take-off from a real couple 's life .
24	Rani appears happy with another pretty lady in her house who has been brought in to make a child for her & Salman .
19	She cares for Priety and tries pushing her husband Salman to Preity so they may have some romance .
12	When will the audience get fed up of Salman 's nakhras .
10	Though a good past-time , this movie is unbearable .
2	Absurd .
6	Err ... this movie sucked .
3	A LOT .
10	I have been reading some of the other reviews .
39	Apparently there are a lot of people that think that anything Woody Allen writes or stars in is automatically good ... I have watched several of his films , in the vain hope that I am missing something .
7	But no , they just suck .
4	Poorly written trash .
14	The characters are all very stereotypical ( not to mention rather stupid ) .
13	The plot is ... I think it is supposed to be mysterious .
5	Not sure on that .
19	Mr. Allen 's character is ... Woody Allen , on any other film you have seen of his .
14	If you are a fan of Woody Allen , go see this film .
38	If you are under 50 , do not bother . ( If you are a fan of Woody Allen AND you are under 50...well , you are atypical . I do not know what to say . )
30	My wife and I both thought this film a watered-down , made-for-TV ( BBC ) version of Manhattan Murder Mystery ... which is itself good , but not great .
18	The story has little inter - character tension or chemistry , and not much of a plot .
30	Woody Allen 's character just sort of wanders around running off at the mouth , and Hugh Jackman and Scarlett Johannsson do not have a lot more to do .
9	It 's pretty disappointing , I must say .
11	Ian McShane 's role is just an expanded cameo appearance .
17	I am giving this movie 4 stars instead of 3 because it is unbothersome background noise .
24	If you ever want something to have on while you are knitting or sorting your stamp collection , this 'll do the job .
9	I would not pay to rent it again .
2	Embarrassingly bad
2	WARNING !
49	This review will reveal the ending of the movie , " Scoop . " If you do not want to know how the movie ends , do not read this review ! " Scoop " is so bad you will think " Annie Hall " was a fluke .
15	It gets one star because you get to see Hugh Jackman 's naked chest .
13	That 's the only thing " Scoop " has going for it .
37	Woody Allen 's misogyny , and his fixation on women young enough , at this point , to be his granddaughter , has crippled any ability to make movies he may have had at any point .
41	The plot seems promising : a ghost , Ian McShane , directs a fluffy headed student , Scarlett Johansson , to investigate whether or not an English Lord , Hugh Jackman , is the notorious Tarot Card Killer of prostitutes .
10	A magician , Woody Allen , helps the girl .
16	Promising plot notwithstanding , the movie completely lacks charm , or humor , or atmosphere .
22	It 's an amazingly leaden , amateurish effort for someone who has made even one previous film , never mind dozens .
14	Perhaps Allen has had a stroke that has gone unreported in the press .
32	Much is made of the fact that unlike in his previous films , Woody Allen , now a septuagenarian , has FINALLY allowed a younger male lead to get the girl .
3	Not so .
19	In fact , the plot is constructed in such a way so that the girl gets no one .
43	There is an early scene where Johansson , for no reason central to the movie , allows herself to be gotten drunk , and seduced , by a powerful , older director . " Seduced " is a euphemism for what happens .
17	It 's a " slam , bam , I have gotta go " kind of moment .
19	It bears no relation to the plot whatsoever , and it cheapens Johansson in the viewer 's eye .
11	Why did Allen add that unnecessary scene to the movie ?
17	Because it shows a powerful director - like Allen - having sex with the female lead .
12	Allen gets to have his cake and eat it , too .
7	Johansson is not yet an actress .
19	She does not know how to command the screen except by wearing a tight , low cut top .
17	She imitates Allen in a couple of scenes , and that just looks weird and sad .
38	It does not help that her character is scripted as a doll who can not function without a ghost , or an elderly and less than awe-inspiring magician , telling her what to do at every turn .
23	She is approximately half Jackman 's age , and she comes across as a very vapid screen presence in their scenes together .
39	Audience members not obsessed with breasts deserve better in their heroines , and Jackman deserves better , too -- a script that gives the heroine some intelligence and agency , and an actress who can convey those qualities .
9	Hugh Jackman is similarly cheated by the script .
27	Allen apparently can not stand it that Jackman is so stunningly good looking and young , and so he gives Jackman nothing to say or do .
12	Like Johansson , he is used merely for his good looks .
31	This is a shame , because , as Jackman has shown in any number of productions , from " Oklahoma " to " X Men , " he CAN act .
20	Here 's the big plot twist -- Jackman , suave , charming English Lord , really is a killer .
28	So , though the movie says it is all about letting someone else , other than Allen , get the girl , she does not get anyone .
19	Jackman , the man she 's been making love to , is a man who murdered a prostitute .
4	Nice , Woody .
12	Nice way to punish your heroine for being beyond your grasp .
38	In a passive aggressive touch , Allen deprives his heroine of his own presence , as well , killing off his character , the magician , leaving Scarlett Johansson all alone at the end of the film .
21	A final note : at my screening , not a single audience member laughed at any point during the film .
13	Always a bad sign when a film is advertised as a comedy .
8	This show is just annoying ! ! !
43	I feel sorry for the actors for having to attempt to be funny ( especially Bob Saget ) , the laugh track tries to cover up the sad jokes and the " Awwww " track comes up at the most unnecessary times .
12	The over-dramatic kids are no exception , especially the Olsen twins .
8	Also , this show is cliché city .
33	If you were to look up the word cliché , it would read " Full House " Every story line has a " life lesson " to be learned at the end .
35	A sappy speech makes everything better and even has the ability to make the most bratty child have a sudden realization of goodness GASP too bad this could not be possible in real life .
17	When I was younger , I liked this show , but now ... BLECCH ! ! !
12	This show is sappy , badly written , and rarely funny .
46	The three leads were all good actors and funny men ( Saget 's stand up was a lot better than the stuff this show came up with , as was Coulier a better stand up , and Stamos was a better than average actor ) .
25	After a while , Stamos wanted off the show because it wanted to do more serious stuff ( who could blame him ? ) .
14	The show eventually got cancelled when many of the actors demanded more money .
15	Here are a few things that drive me crazy about the show : 1 .
14	Kimmy Gibler - the most annoying character ever written for television . 3 .
11	The writing - stale and cliched as an oreo cookie .
10	There is good cliched writing and bad cliched writing .
9	Full House had bad cliched writing . 4 .
13	Three men living together in San Francisco - Enough said . 5 .
10	Unrealistic stuff - Too much to recall . 6 .
25	Trendy kids - The girls had all the latest mall fashions and you can see posters of trendy recording artists they would be into .
9	Now this show is on Nick @ Nite .
8	I would hardly call it a classic .
23	I have nothing bad to say about the people involved since I think many of them are talented in their own right .
18	But this show was just so sugary sweet , I could not stand it after a while .
27	I hated this crap , every Friday as part of tgif it was on , and consistently sucked big time with stupidity each and every week .
47	If you want to see something funny go watch " No On Would Tell " Starring Candice Cameron and Fred Savage , it really is hilarious , shows exactly why no one ever goes on to a good film career after doing a terrible TV show .
28	This show really makes me sick , I hate those kids , and bob saget needs to go jump off a bridge for ever making this crapfest .
10	I have seen funner stuff everywhere else but here .
6	I AHet writing 10 lines !
21	Watch ' full house ' to see the least humanity has to offer in the way of arts and entertainment .
20	This movie is traditional bollywood fare as far as the star power , sentimentality and love triangle of emotions .
17	What really bothered me about this movie was the makers ' absurd notion of surrogate mother .
28	A whore who conceives a child with someone after have sex with the man ( of the family desiring a child ) is not a surrogate mother .
11	Neither is she a good candidate for a surrogate mother .
23	I have seen Indian movies and television shows that made 10 to 15 years ago that dealt with this issue more intelligently .
12	The whole concept of the movie is ridiculous and absolutely implausible .
22	I realize that most bollywood movies are not meant to be plausible , but they do not pretend to be either .
24	This movie wants us to emote along with the characters , but this can not done with such a ridiculous , contrived conflict .
10	I would have expected better from Abbas and Mustan .
11	Full House is one of the worst TV series ever !
2	Why ?
14	Because all the characters are so irritating that it 's impossible to bear .
13	The best character is Joey an even he is pretty irritating occasionally .
10	An that girl DJ , who wrote her character ?
11	I want to kill my self every time she speaks .
11	Not to mention when Danny start 's with his philosophy .
14	Example : DJ won around ten thousand dollars or more in the casino .
15	However , she 's not eighteen so she should not gamble according to law .
34	However the casino was ready to pay her the money but then Danny , her father cought 's her and do not let us her raise that money because she is not eighteen .
12	Oh come on , give me a break , will ya ?
16	Since i have seen that stupid and childish scene i instantly turned off the television .
17	Some of the thing 's they say in this series not even a child would bought .
14	Who in the world could think that Full House is entertaining and funny ?
15	Every single word they say in this series seem 's like Shakespeare wrote it .
34	Except that Shakespere knew how to write and except that he would not be that childish and stupid to write something as stupid as they wrote in the script for the Full House !
39	For everyone who has a bad heart or any kind of bad medical condition or any will for life or any sense of the real world , i deeply recommend ' Do not watch the Full House ' !
9	Not even one episode as a try out .
4	Avoid this series .
8	Save your self from stupidity and nonsense .
8	This is the worst television show ever !
15	I 'd rather watch Teletubbies then this . ' Do not watch this ' .
46	What a crime ... You forgot to brush your teeth ... let us make a 30 minute show about it and have a couple of kids make some noise and then have the dad lecture them all because that 's what he has to do .
23	Yep , full of zany little adventures about a whole bunch of nothing and an entire overlong story to build around it .
24	Full House will not only bore you to tears , but it will make you age twenty times faster than you normally would .
18	I can see little girls enjoying this show , but calling this a family show is ridiculous .
13	I am amazed how well remembered it is after all these years .
35	It 's an extremely unfunny and stupid show about widowed father of three living with his dead wife 's brother and his stupid friend from school , and others as the seasons go on .
12	All of the plot lines generally have a really dumb lesson .
27	In the middle of each episode somebody is mad at somebody else and each episode they make up and it ends on a light unfunny joke .
12	As for the actors , I did not like them either .
13	Bob Saget was painfully unfunny as the dad with the mom responsibilities .
26	Dave Coulier is a one note joke 30 something year old that does cartoon voices and acts like a kid , and he 's horrid .
19	John Stamos was the most tolerable character but he was so clichéd it was hard to watch him .
20	The oldest girl , DJ , on the show was a genuinely bad actress and showed no emotion ever .
13	The middle girl Stephanie was too clichéd as the annoying little sister .
13	The youngest girl Michelle showed what bad actresses the Olsen twins were .
11	You can always tell when they are switching them off .
17	The plot lines to too many story lines were so unrealistically stupid it 's cringe worthy .
37	This is a " family " show that tried to replace any good substance with cuteness and love , and though those are needed for a show about a family they overdid it way too much .
17	This will be remembered as my least favorite sit-com from the 80 's and 90 's .
6	My rating : Terrible show .
4	TVG 30 mins .
28	The acting is bad ham , ALL the jokes are superficial and the target audience is clearly very young children , assuming they have below average IQs .
27	I realize that it was meant for kids , but so is Malcom in the Middle , yet they still throw in adult humor and situations .
43	What should we expect from a show lead by Bob Saget , the only comedian in existence who is less funny than a ball hitting a man 's groin , which is probably why he stopped hosting America 's Funniest Home Videos .
19	Parents , do not let your kids watch this show unless you want to save money on college .
12	Expose your kids to stupidity and they will grow up dumberer .
6	It has very bad acting .
4	Bad story lines .
3	Bad characters .
12	You should never see this show If you see it on .
4	TURN IT OFF .
10	Or you be cringing for the next 30 minutes .
7	It should have never been aired .
5	It 's not great .
6	You should never see it .
4	NEVER EVER EVER .
15	So now , if you ever wanna watch this show , please do not .
8	Turn to the THE CW for Smallville .
26	Or Disney Channel for Hannah Montana , Wizards Of Waverly Place , or Nick for Drake & Josh , Those are much better family shows .
39	So believe me on this , I have watched it before . and It is honestly , and I say Honestly , the worst show I have ever seen , and I have seen a lot of TV .
12	So do me a favor , and never watch this show .
2	Seriously .
13	This is one of the most stupid family shows of all time .
22	Plot - A family without a mother and 3 " dads " raise 3 little girls in San Francisco , California .
26	Characters - Neat freak Danny , cartoon loving Joey , hair obsessed Jesse , spoiled brat Michelle , stupid DJ , and almost normal Stephanie .
17	The creators of this show really want you to hate the characters , do not they ?
12	Therefore , I do not think anyone should watch this show .
45	I only chuckled at a few moments in the show 's whole running , and I think that instead of lethal injection , all criminals should be forced to watch this show , a torture far worse than anything else . 1.5/10 or : D
17	I watched full house when I was younger and I can not understand why I did .
9	I do not remember really enjoying the show .
16	I think I and the majority of Americans watching this were hypnotized by its badness .
15	It will put you in a trance state and there is no going back .
11	I am still scarred but I try to move on .
19	I know it 's a family show but that does not mean it has to be SO bad .
25	The show is SO cliché with every episode ending with a " talk " from the dad to make everyone 's problems go away .
9	The characters on the show are all loathsome .
27	There is a know it all , cleaning obsessed , corny father who you want to punch in the face every time he comes on screen .
26	We then have a supposed " rocker " uncle that is just there to look pretty for the moms that have to watch this crap .
22	We have another uncle who is completely unfunny who does lame Bullwinkle impressions ( need I say more about him ) .
16	There is the eldest daughter who can not act and is always whining about something .
20	Then a middle daughter who always says , " HOW RUDE ! " to pretty much everything anyone says .
9	Finally , there is the youngest daughter Michelle .
18	Do not get me started on Michelle played but the horrible actors known as The Olsen Twins .
15	If you believe in Christianity I guess you would associate her with the antichrist .
34	She is always demanding things , trying too hard to be " cute " , is constantly saying " DUH ! " and rolling her eyes which makes you want to smack her .
18	I am not a big fan of using a lot of physical abuse as punishment to children .
11	But in her case , I would make an acceptation .
8	She needed it on a daily basis .
14	She is the most selfish character to ever be introduced to mainstream television .
18	One example of this is when her rocker uncle is busy doing his job in the attic .
11	The brat decides to constantly annoy him and demand attention .
9	He yells at her and she gets upset .
3	POOR BABY !
19	The rest of the episode is catering to her emotional needs and the uncle eventually apologizes to her .
2	UGGHH !
15	The show will lower your IQ along with slowly destroying your will to live .
27	I am surprised we do not hear in the news about full house being played in the background when police find people that have committed suicide .
13	Do yourself a favor and do not watch reruns of the show .
6	You will thank me later .
15	T.Z. Post , college professor , receives a false letter stating he inherited $750,000 .
22	Now with financial means , he withdraws his life savings of $4,000 , and decides to finally going out & live .
33	After having his baggage sent on a train to Chicago , he meets a traveling vaudeville troupe , and decides there good enough for him to put on a show on Broadway .
39	The night of the show , poor Prof. Post has to hide from his creditors , settle the relationship woes between girlfriend Pansy and & floozy diva Eleanor , and still make sure the show must go on .
30	After watching many of Keaton 's silent gems , this one is a pain to sit through , but I felt , it could have been a lot worse .
19	Supporting cast Durante , Todd , & Selwyn come off very annoying at times , but still likeable .
49	A pre-Charlie Chan Toler is good as the frustrated show director . 90 % of the script is badly written as MGM is trying to pass this off as a poor man 's Marx Bros . film where many of the sight gags fall flat from the beginning .
22	Compiled with Keaton 's drinking problems at the time , this movie just is a sad moment in Buster 's life .
4	Rating - 3 .
13	Watching " Speak Easily " is painful for fans of Buster Keaton .
48	Seeing such a phenomenal writer , actor , comic , director , and stunt man subjected to this humiliating spectacle is like seeing a Picasso used as a drop cloth , or perhaps more like seeing the finest Camembert adulterated with whey solids and processed into Cheez-Whiz .
11	They were quick studies and became masters of their worlds .
30	Not so with Post , who never stops stumbling and bumbling and who who has no more control of his destiny than a bilge rat had of the Titanic .
45	And while Keaton 's original characters had a charming naiveté and innocence , Post comes across as such a profound sexual retardate that if he ever did become physically aroused , he 'd put an ice bag on the swelling and seek medical help .
49	There are a couple of small , redeeming moments , such as Keaton 's attempts to get rid of the vampish Thema Todd or his suggestion as to appropriate attire for a Greek dance , but it 's just not worth enduring the entire film to see them .
29	If you are a fan of bad movies , get drunk and watch " Speak Easily " with friends , a la " Mystery Science Theater 3000 " .
10	But other than that , stick with the silents .
13	Let them be 100 % of what Buster Keaton is remembered for .
9	What is the most harrowing movie ever made ?
10	The gynaecological nightmare of ' Cries and Whispers ' ?
6	The acid psychodramas of Fassbinder ?
12	The discomfiting black comedy of ' Last House on the left ?
34	I am sure for that portion of the film-loving public that tie their masts to the good ship Buster Keaton , there is only one answer - any one of his sound films .
30	No , I know what was most disturbing - having to watch Buster Keaton , cinema 's greatest comedian , sit aside to observe Jimmy Durante doing his schtick .
14	It is horrors such as this that get yer Dantes composing yer Infernos .
41	Keaton was just not that sort of comic , and where Groucho 's malicious tongue and gleeful opportunism might just have made this plot work , Buster 's socially inept professor can not , he is too studied and predictable .
31	What Buster needed was to be allowed experiment like Lang in 'M ' , or Rene Clair ; he would never have tried to hold back the tide like Chaplin .
24	When a film like ' The General ' is alluded to - messing about with trains - the loss becomes even more apparent .
22	There is something almost endearing about the way Keaton slows down a plot that needs all the zip it can get .
26	There is a film in here about loneliness , emotionally paralysing order , the numbing effects of education etc . , struggling to get out .
12	Looked at like that , it becomes a kind of masterpiece .
6	Hail Bollywood and men Directors !
15	Really this is the ultimate limit in utter sacrifice made by Indian Woman ! !
33	Story line : Married couple - very happy - but accidentally a mishap happens and wife has a miscarriage - lost the foetus along with the capacity of ever becoming a mother !
27	Now in in India , the in - laws usually drive away the daughter - in - law if she fails to give them an heir !
17	To be a Buster Keaton fan is to have your heart broken on a regular basis .
36	Most of us first encounter Keaton in one of the brilliant feature films from his great period of independent production : ' The General ' , ' The Navigator ' , ' Sherlock Jnr ' .
25	We recognise him as the greatest figure in the entire history of film comedy , and we want to see more of his movies .
5	Here the heartbreak begins .
27	After ' Steamboat Bill Jnr ' , Keaton 's brother-in-law Joseph Schenck pressured him into signing a contract that put Keaton under the control of MGM .
15	Keaton became just one more actor for hire , performing someone else 's scripts .
6	Then his alcoholism got worse .
16	After ' Steamboat Bill Jnr ' , Keaton never again made a truly first-rate film .
30	A couple of sources describe a would-be masterpiece comedy that Keaton claimed he * almost * got to make at MGM : a parody of ' Grand Hotel ' .
14	Biographer Tom Dardis has offered convincing evidence that Keaton made up this story .
37	The heartbreak increases because , among the many years of Keaton 's long steady decline , he just occasionally came up with a good film ... such as his short comedy ' Grand Slam Opera ' .
33	That footage is almost certainly gone forever , but I keep looking . ' Speak Easily ' , alas , is one of Keaton 's films from the beginning of his decline .
26	MGM were trying to build up Jimmy Durante ( who , coincidentally , played Smiler Grogan three decades later ) as a new comedy star .
12	Keaton was often cast as the victim of extremely cruel machinations .
49	In ' Speak Easily ' , he plays a didactic and humourless Midwestern college professor named Post ( because he 's as wooden as one ) who receives a letter informing him that he 's inherited $750,000 , which he must travel to New York City to claim .
11	Does he make a ' phone call to verify this ?
7	Does he even check the postmark ?
18	No ; he takes his life 's savings out of the bank and rushes to New York .
28	As soon as he 's gone , Post 's manservant confesses that he wrote the ( fake ) letter to jostle Professor Post out of his rut !
32	Post , who thinks he 's a 3/4-millionaire , crosses paths with Jimmy Dodge ( Durante ) , who 's trying to produce a musical revue but has not any money .
15	The characters which these two brilliant comedians are playing onscreen simply fail to intermesh .
20	Keaton is playing one of those eggheads ( like Mister Logic in ' Viz ' ) who intellectualises everything .
26	Durante plays one of those annoying hepcats who is incapable of making any straightforward statement because the script requires him always to speak in slang .
30	I will give Keaton credit : his own dry and dusty prairie voice , his flat Kansas accent , is absolutely perfect for the character he 's playing here .
37	Sidney Toler , looking much leaner and more handsome here than he would be just a year later , is impressive as the excitable director of the revue bankrolled ( on tick ) by Professor Post .
27	Henry Armetta , whom I have never found funny , is even less funny than usual here , offering a running gag with a stupid payoff .
28	Thelma Todd impressed me here , in a more villainous version of the role she played in ' Horse Feathers ' ( a much funnier movie ) .
13	Edward Brophy , one of my favourite character actors , is wasted .
19	Part of the problem with ' Speak Easily ' is that supporting characters behave in completely inappropriate ways .
46	I know for a fact that * modern * chorus girls would never react this way , and I seriously doubt that chorus girls in 1932 behaved that way either ... certainly not in response to the ' angel ' controlling their show 's pursestrings .
3	SPOILERS COMING .
44	About half an hour into the unfunny ' Speak Easily ' , the great Jimmy Durante seats himself at the piano , grins into the camera , and does that distinctive little shake of his head as he starts to play a tune .
28	This is the moment when I thought that , at long last , this movie was finally going to settle down to its purpose of entertaining us .
33	Mostly out of respect for the work that Keaton , Durante , Toler , Brophy and Miss Todd have done elsewhere , I will rate this movie 2 points out of 10 .
17	For most younger viewers out there , they probably have no idea who Buster Keaton was .
22	So , because of this , they probably will not feel nearly as sad when watching this film as I did .
20	I happen to be a silent comedy freak -- having see just about every Keaton film still in existence .
15	My being a huge fan made this film very painful from start to finish .
17	This is because during his silent days , Keaton was a very vibrant and creative comedian .
14	He was amazing in his physicality and his films were almost never dull .
33	However , in a move that movie historians still are baffled by , at the end of the silent era , Keaton gave up his independence and became a stock MGM actor .
33	Instead of being a great creative force , MGM now saw Keaton solely as an actor -- and they wrote scripts for him that had no respect for what made him great .
36	At first , these films with MGM were not that bad ( such as THE CAMERAMAN ) but with talkies , the studio really blew it -- putting him in several films with Jimmy Durante .
14	Durante 's humor was based on his gift for gab and was abrasive .
12	Keaton , in contrast , was quiet and based on action .
13	Two more unlike and incompatible actors would have been hard to find .
15	As a result of this deadly combination , Keaton made some truly dreadful films .
14	Now this is not to say that SPEAK EASILY is a terrible film .
18	No , instead it 's just more of a time-passer and an amazingly unfunny one at that .
25	In fact , if you go into the movie assuming it 's a comedy , it will probably make the film harder to enjoy .
15	Instead , it 's sort of like a drama with a few comedic elements .
16	It is NOT a film that will produce belly laughs -- especially for Keaton fans .
8	The film begins in an odd setting .
13	Keaton is cast as a college professor whose entire life is teaching .
15	He knows nothing of the world and has his nose stuck in his books .
34	In a bizarre move , Keaton 's servant tricks him into believing Keaton has received $750,000 from a dead relative -- hoping that this would spur Keaton to get out and enjoy life .
11	This is amazingly contrived but somehow it manages to work .
8	Not terribly well , but it works .
17	Keaton immediately leaves school and goes on a journey to New York to have some fun .
15	On the way there , he meets up with an incredibly untalented theater troop .
17	Because he knows nothing of the world , he does not seem to realize they stink .
23	And , because he thinks he 's rich , Keaton decides to take them all to New York to perform on Broadway .
18	However , just before the show opens , his friends find out that Keaton is NOT rich .
24	So , they decide not to tell Keaton and try to keep him away from process servers that want to close the show .
23	They assume that if the show is a hit , then they can pay off the debts and everyone will be happy .
10	However , they forget that the show itself stinks .
6	What are they to do ?
26	And , will Keaton get the nice girl , get roped by a gold digger ( Thelma Todd ) or be flat broke and alone ?
8	If you care , see the film .
22	As for Keaton , he has few stunts in the film , though there are some dandy ones near the end .
16	Instead , Keaton just kind of walks through the part in a very subdued manner .
12	There is really little to love about this film or hate .
17	It 's just blah .... when it SHOULD have been a heck of a lot better .
10	I feel the movie did not portray Smith historically .
36	The goal of this movie was to tell Smith 's life in a way that would be " comfortable " to the LDS Church leaders , historical accuracy seems to have been of little concern .
47	The movie was designed to be a " faith promoting " experience , not a balanced view of Smith " as a man . " I have taken it upon myself to study Smith 's life and have read both LDS works and none LDS works .
15	The movie , like most LDS projects , was beautifully filmed and well acted .
21	However , this was not a realistic portrayal of either the beginnings of Mormonism or Smith 's relatively short life .
19	A significant period of time was given to reenacting an accident that Smith had when he was seven .
36	While this event was no doubt important in forming his mental outlook , it appears that the main reason for including it in the film is to help establish a sympathetic view of Joseph Smith .
27	Another point is in portraying Smith 's teen years the film is silent regarding the Smith family 's involvement in magical practices during the 1820 's .
29	Another problem is while the movie shows Joseph Smith good-naturedly entering into wrestling contests , it fails to show how he sometimes lost his temper and became violent .
7	I could go on and on .
19	This movie was not historical in any way and should be considered a fictional movie about a man .
15	I would not recommend seeing this movie for any other purpose other then entertainment .
45	I saw this film over the weekend and while I was impressed as always with the beauty and polish of Church-produced films , I left disappointed that this one fell so short , failing to inform members and leaving investigators with many unanswered questions .
14	The film is 70 minutes of vignettes from the life of Joseph Smith .
14	It 's not a true biopic because there is no real coherent narrative .
25	Most of the episodes concern Joseph doing good deeds , playing baseball , running races and laughing with children , often in sloooow motion .
15	What a great , just folks kind of guy that Joseph was , huh ?
12	Look at him out there beating rugs for his wife Emma .
12	Well , howzbout the rugs of his 33 plural wives ? ?
8	No mention whatsoever is made of polygamy .
4	A glaring omission .
11	And it is in such omissions where the film falters .
37	It supplies too little information and leaves critical thinking audience members wondering WHY is Joseph getting tarred and feathered , WHY is he getting thrown in jail and WHY does that mob want to kill him ?
32	The film 's climax is of course Joseph and Hyrum 's trek to Carthage jail ( riding past a veritable United Nations of faces looking out from Nauvoo 's doorways ) .
9	But no mention is ever made about WHY .
22	Nothing about Smith suppressing the Nauvoo Expositor newspaper and ordering its press destroyed for its revealing the secret teaching of polygamy .
19	The audience is left to wonder or to assume it 's just more baseless persecution of the Church .
19	No mention of Joseph being charged with treason for declaring martial law and calling out the Nauvoo militia .
41	Of course I certainly did not expect this Church-produced film to present the Joseph of Richard Bushman 's recent biography Rough Stone Rolling , but I was surprised and taken aback at just how little of substance was actually presented .
12	And worse , what substance that was presented was often inaccurate .
7	Two examples jumped out at me .
10	First , the translation of the Book of Mormon .
26	The film shows Joseph reading right off the golden plates in their two-ring binder , which plates in reality were hidden far from the site .
25	It 's well known that Joseph did his translating by burying his face in his hat , peering at the seer stone in there .
15	The second inaccuracy occurs at Carthage jail , where the mob storms the cell .
39	The History of the Church reports that Joseph had a six-shooter and even fired off a few rounds before jumping out the window and giving the Masonic signal of distress ( as reported in Times & Seasons ) .
47	Maybe showing the reality of the gunfight would have shattered the heart-tugging mood the filmmakers had created , but by omitting it they were unfaithful to history and failed to show Joseph as he really was : handy with a gun and able to defend himself .
37	In fact , the impression the film gives is that Joseph was a nice guy , but also something of a milquetoast that everybody beat up , tossed in jail and eventually murdered in cold blood .
31	He was far from that ; Joseph was a disciplined and determined man who endured a lot of hardship and struggle to bring to fruition that in which he believed .
15	See the film , but know going in that 's it 's cotton candy .
39	Then get your meat and potatoes by reading a copy of Bushman 's biography of Smith , Rough Stone Rolling PS : Church-produced films have no credits , but seasoned eyes can pick out a couple familiar faces .
41	Rick Macy is excellent as Joseph Smith , Sr. and Bruce Newbold , beloved as Thomas in Finding Faith in Christ , here plays the cranky Methodist minister who failed to show Christian love to a young seeker after Truth .
11	Damn , I thought I 'd seen some bad westerns .
7	Can not top this one though .
21	Hell I think I 'd rather have my eyes stapled open for a Trinity Triple Feature for cryin out loud .
18	I dont think I will be able to watch Ben Hur again without laughing my ass off .
4	Just really bad .
24	But hey , if you like stupid westerns with acknowledged stars in the thing take a peek at Shoot Out with Gregory Peck .
11	It 's just as bad , but much funnier . 1/10
9	Stereotyped , derivative , unoriginal and boring Western .
38	The two popular stars ( Charlton Heston and James Coburn ) both give performances that are far from their best , and justifiably so ; they both have superficial roles and character traits stated mainly by dialogue .
41	Heston is a sheriff who " liked the world better as it used to be before " and Coburn is an outlaw who " owes something to the man who locked him up and has to pay his debt " .
32	Additionally , Heston is so old that he has trouble riding a horse and Coburn is mean and tough but not as cold-blooded a killer as some of the minor villains .
25	Apparently , the filmmakers could not come up with even ONE original idea about how to make this movie somewhat distinguished . ( *1/2 )
18	By 1976 the western was an exhausted genre and the makers of this film clearly knew it .
24	Still , instead of shelving the project and saving us from having to watch it , they went ahead and made it anyway .
31	Apparently in need of an interesting thread to get the audiences to come and see the film , they decided to make it as blatantly violent and unpleasant as possible .
16	Hell , it worked for The Wild Bunch so why should not it work here ?
26	Of course , The Wild Bunch had the benefit of a superb script but the script of The Last Hard Men is plain old-fashioned rubbish .
18	It 's hard to figure out what attracted Charlton Heston and James Coburn to their respective roles .
22	Heston plays a retired lawman who goes after an escaped bunch of convicts led by a violent outlaw ( Coburn ) .
25	The hunt becomes even more personal when Heston 's daughter ( Barbara Hershey ) is kidnapped by the convicts and subjected to sexual degradation .
19	This is a bloodthirsty film indeed in which every time someone dies it is displayed in over-the-top detail .
16	It 's tremendously disappointing really , because the star pairing sounds like a mouth-watering prospect .
13	There is no sense of pace or urgency in the film either .
24	It takes an eternity to get going , but when the action finally does come it is marred by the emphasis on nastiness .
16	All in all , this might be the very worst film that Heston ever made .
19	I am sure it 's one of the productions he is loathe to include on his illustrious CV .
38	Incarcerated train robber near Yuma breaks free his chain-gang and heads for the retired sheriff responsible for killing his wife ( as well as a hidden stash of gold which remains hidden thanks to the screenwriter ) .
35	Attempt to bring the western genre up-to-date with 1970s-style violence and brutality is not even in the same league as some of the new-fangled westerns which came out of the late - ' 60s .
20	It is impossibly simple and square , with the female characters merely around as punching-bags and possible rape victims .
38	As the former sheriff back in command , Charlton Heston gives one of his laziest , least-inspired performances ever ( he has one good moment , attempting to read a letter and fumbling for his glasses ) .
35	James Coburn , as the half-mad half-breed , is pretty much on auto-pilot as well , but Coburn has a way of turning even the hoariest dialogue and situations into something prickly and unnerving .
11	It 's his show all the way . *1/2 from ****
29	or anyone who was praying for the sight of Al Cliver wrestling a naked , 7ft tall black guy into a full nelson , your film has arrived !
28	Film starlet Laura Crawford ( Ursula Buchfellner ) is kidnapped by a group who demand the ransom of $6 million to be delivered to their island hideaway .
26	What they do not count on is rugged Vietnam vet Peter Weston ( Cliver ) being hired by a film producer to save the girl .
29	And what they really did not count on was a local tribe that likes to offer up young women to their monster cannibal god with bloodshot bug eyes .
50	Franco gets a strong EuroCult supporting cast including Gisela Hahn ( CONTAMINATION ) and Werner Pochath ( whose death is one of the most head-scratching things I ever seen as a guy who is totally not him is shown - in close up - trying to be him ) .
17	The film features tons of nudity and the gore ( Tempra paint variety ) is there .
21	The highlight for me was the world 's slowly fistfight between Cliver and Antonio de Cabo in the splashing waves .
34	Sadly , ol ' Jess pads this one out to an astonishing ( and , at times , agonizing ) 1 hour and 40 minutes when it should have run 80 minutes tops .
27	For the most part , the Severin DVD looks pretty nice but there are some odd ghosting images going on during some of the darker scenes .
30	Also , one long section of dialog is in Spanish with no subs ( they are an option , but only when you listen to the French track ) .
28	Franco gives a nice 16 - minute interview about the film and has much more pleasant things to say about Buchfellner than his CANNIBALS star Sabrina Siani .
16	I do not know why I am taking the time to review this waste-of-time movie .
24	If you stick with it long enough in hopes of a satisfying conclusion  good , bad , or surprising  do not .
14	It finally fizzles out after stiff , formulaic , predictable dialogue and acting .
24	Indoor scenes are so harshly lit you think if the camera were zoomed out one millimeter further you 'd see the klieg lights .
14	Costumes , hair-do's , and sets are starched , pressed , and immaculate .
16	Are we supposed to imagine common people really lived like that in early 20th-century Arizona ?
28	Other reviews ' comparisons to Sam Peckinpah are an insult to Peckinpah : at least that director wove his violence into the context of chaos and mayhem .
18	HARD MEN 's gore is gratuitous exploding squibs from wooden impersonations of bad guys with manicured fingernails .
4	Huh ? ! ?
34	I can believe Heston thought he might have been making something of worth with this film . ( He does get to clutch his gun in his cold fingers . ) But Coburn ?
12	I will never guess why he signed up for this travesty .
25	Want to see a movie about the end of the West as we knew it , the end of Westerns as we knew them ?
7	Watch THE SHOOTIST or UNFORGIVEN again .
14	THE LAST HARD MEN is a mockery of an obituary to the Western .
19	I am going to have to disagree with the previous comment and side with Maltin on this one .
36	This is a second rate , excessively vicious Western that creaks and groans trying to put across its central theme of the Wild West being tamed and kicked aside by the steady march of time .
27	It would like to be in the tradition of " Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid " , but lacks that film 's poignancy and charm .
42	Coburn is plenty nasty as the half breed escaped convict out for revenge , but all of his fellow escapees are underdeveloped ( they are like bowling pins to be knocked down one by one as the story lurches forward ) .
36	Michael Parks gives one of his typically shifty , lethargic , mumbling performances , but in this case it was appropriate as his modern style sheriff symbolizes the complacency that technological progress can bring about .
38	This one came out during the Western genre ’ s last gasp ; unfortunately , it emerges to be a very minor and altogether unsatisfactory effort – even if made by and with veterans in the field !
36	To begin with , the plot offers nothing remotely new : James Coburn escapes from a chain gang , intent on killing the man ( now retired ) who put him there – Charlton Heston .
21	While the latter lays a trap for him , Coburn outwits Heston by kidnapping his daughter ( Barbara Hershey ) .
37	Naturally , the former lawman – accompanied by Hershey ’ s greenhorn fiancé ( Chris Mitchum ) – sets out in pursuit of Coburn and his followers , all of whom broke jail along with him .
15	Jerry Goldsmith contributes a flavorful but , at the same time , unremarkable score .
18	This film is a travesty , and is not fit to keep company with the superior original .
15	The plot is an absolute mess , and the film is way too long .
38	Everytime they are struggling , they desperately inject a sentimental reminder from the first film . " Gregory 's Girl " is one of the top 10 British films of all time , this one is awful .
13	Watched this film having really enjoyed Gregory 's Girl many years ago .
4	This was drivel .
20	The plot was vaguely distasteful with the teacher and his friend perving over 14-15-year-old girls in very short skirts .
18	Previous commenters seem to think that this does not matter , but I found it rather nasty .
25	If you have children at school then the last thing you want is to think that every youngish teacher is lusting after his pupils .
10	We were surprised that the censor let that through .
12	Apart from that the film was just a waste of time .
24	The script was poor and John Gordon Sinclair trying too hard to recreate his schoolboy image , slightly wacky and off the wall .
14	Why anyone would want to lust after him in this performance is incredible .
9	This film failed on all counts for me .
2	Dreadful .
9	Please do not waste your time watching it .
4	Life 's too short
25	The plot line of No One Sleeps is not a bad idea , and the subject matter is of quite a bit of interest .
20	There is some good acting in this film , and I think Jim Thalman is really a good actor .
20	This story , with some of the same actors , would have been worth doing as a high-budget film .
20	I just can not reiterate enough - if you have a limited budget , dedicate more to good sound .
20	Sound is as much a part of a film as the image , and it 's worth doing right .
6	Could 've earned a 6 .
45	First of all my heartfelt commiserations to anyone who bought a cinema ticket in the hope of seeing a film in the same mould as the fantastic Gregory 's Girl and Local Hero but ended up leaving the theatre feeling disappointed and vaguely cheated .
29	Schoolboy Gregory is now a teacher at the same school where at the tender age of sixteen , he harboured a hopeless passion for the football playing Dorothy .
41	Although now thirty five , Gregory still harbours a hopeless passion but now for the football playing Frances , also sixteen , despite the fact that music teacher , Bel has made it clear that she is attracted to him .
32	His passion for Frances and his desire to impress her lead to his involvement in a scheme to expose a local arms dealer who also happens to be an old schoolfriend .
26	There is no point in going any further as the rest of the story is forgettable and the ending makes no real sense at all .
41	The main problem lies with the character of Gregory himself , in that there is no sign of the endearing and charming sixteen year old Gregory who actively and comically pursues Dorothy convinced that he would eventually win her over .
24	At thirty five , Gregory is presented to us as a rather sad and friendless creature whose life is neither active nor comic .
19	Outside of work his time is spent watching videos of Noam Chomsky and reading magazines about international injustices .
7	Why for example is he friendless ?
14	Why does he never see his father , who is clearly still alive ?
13	Why has he returned to teach at the school he once attended ?
11	Why is he so interested in Noam Chomsky and injustice ?
7	Why has he become so apathetic ?
7	Why is he attracted to Frances ?
16	Why is not he attracted to Bel until the last twenty minutes of the film ?
23	What in heaven 's name do Bel or Frances see in him as he is neither drop dead gorgeous or even interesting ?
29	Why does he continue to try and impress Frances even after he and Bel have become an item and when their association threatens to completely disrupt his life ?
33	Are we really to believe that a Scottish arms dealer openly selling weapons of torture to oppressive regimes could manage to evade media scrutiny but fall foul of a couple of school-kids ?
17	Does Gregory really think that dumping a handful of computers into the sea will change anything ?
29	To make matters worse , actor John Gordon Sinclair attempts to rehash his performance as the adolescent Gregory right down to the facial expressions and awkward body language .
17	Unfortunately on a thirty five year old it just comes across as odd and vaguely creepy .
43	On top of that , it 's hard to feel any sympathy for , or empathy with a teacher who has erotic dreams involving sex with one of their uniform wearing pupils while they both lie on a pile of gym mats .
10	Rather than being amusing it simply smacks of paedophilia .
50	It 's hard to know what was going through Bill Forsyth 's head when he wrote this script or why he thought fans of the original film would embrace a story so completely lacking in the charm , wit and warmth that turned the first movie into a classic .
18	That at least could have been the basis of a film which was thematically interesting and intelligent .
21	As it is Gregory 's Two Girls adds up 116 wasted and pointless minutes saying nothing and signifying even less .
28	Gregory 's Girl was responsible for launching Bill Forsyth 's career , here 's hoping that Gregory 's Two Girls will not be responsible for sinking it .
24	As one of the few commentators not to have seen the 1st film , I found this to be a very disappointing movie .
22	Yes , it has a funny awkward type of humour if you can bear the ( highly ) morally dubious premise .
10	However , it fails abysmally in the important areas .
41	There is thin and nonsensical plot line involving Gordon Sinclair 's generous friend who may or may not be entwined in a conspiracy to supply dangerous electronics to Third World countries - possibly in free computers ... or possibly not .
6	Vague , long-winded and inconclusive .
19	The lack of any substantial ending is so infuriating and what is present is pompous and wholly illogical .
5	The film feels half-finished .
36	Suspension of disbelief is extremely difficult when witnessing a very attractive female teacher ( Maria Doyle Kennedy ) can be drawn to Gordon Sinclair 's unimpressive character , especially when he fends off her advances .
2	Laughable .
29	It worsens later in the film when he achieves his romantic ambitions then throws it all away for some ideals based on very little evidence of ambiguous value .
16	Not many films leave me feeling cheated , but I felt my time was stolen .
22	I have seen ( far too ) many flicks from this company - this one is about middle of the pack .
38	One the good side , its a bit more stylized and under control than some of their fare - less of the sophomoric attempts at humor and more adherence to story ( for what its worth ) .
20	Many of their titles , like Sexy Sixth Sense , are buried by baaaad performances and an amateurish sensibility .
34	On the other side , I found the simulated sex scenes not as hot as some of their other flicks ( like Vampire Vixens , Gladiator Eroticus , Spiderbabe or Mistress Frankenstein ) .
16	Misty Mundae is always a 10 on the peter meter , as is Darian Caine .
19	I found Barbara Joyce hot in a school-marm kinda way , and Ruby LaRocca a sexy little hottie .
24	Watch this with the remote firmly in your ( free ) hand , on a night when you need a break from porn .
23	Do not waste your time wanting to check the story - you have got better things to do w / your life .
20	It is not a movie , it 's pure T & A , but not bad by that standard .
11	Terry West had a good idea w \ this movie .
8	He just did not flesh it thru .
25	There are endless shots of the creepy looking school 's exteriors that go on forever and probably to pad the film 's running time .
10	Also at this school there are only 2 students .
30	Misty Mundae is good as usual but this film will always belong to Ruby LaRocca ( which is the only reason to watch the film in the beginning ) .
16	If the script centered on her interesting character we 'd have a movie to watch .
6	She is so GORGEOUS ! !
26	Good news for DVD buyers , Terry West 's earlier ( and better ) film " Blood For The Muse " is a special feature .
39	One thing I 'd like to say is that this movie feels like someone who 's not good at delivering the punch line at the end of a long joke for the ending feels that very same way .
10	Then again , just watch this for Ruby LaRocca .
10	Some films are so bad that they are good .
8	This is clearly not one of them .
25	Based on a true story , this film was about as true to the story as Pinocchio 's chances of becoming a real boy .
17	The acting was terrible , the direction was poor , and it travelled way too fast .
19	It was as if the director just wanted to get it over and done with and go home .
24	Nor did Melissa Joan Hart ever strike me as a talented actress , but then every film she made was pretty low-budget anyway .
36	Like most of her other films , she lets down her characters by hamming them up too much , talking too quickly as if speeding up her words is going to make her more dramatic .
34	She really brings out the sense that there is a crew in front of her and she 's talking to a camera , when she should be engaging the viewer in her character .
25	It pretty much lets down the whole film , and any leg that it may have had left to stand on , is ruined .
17	Probably the only good thing about the film is when she got nailed in the end .
17	But even that was not satisfying enough to subdue my loathing for such a bad film .
16	Watch it if your taste in film is blander than a piece of dry toast .
20	I 'd heard about this movie a while ago from a friend and she recently got it on DVD .
23	There was a lot of anticipation and excitement as we 'd both heard that this was a terrifying film , really scary .
6	How disappointed was I ? ?
5	VERY ! ! ! !
17	Apart from that one scene ( we all know which bit ) NOTHING happened ! ! !
36	I was expecting to see the woman in black a few times and for her to do a few more jumpy scenes , like appear at the window or walk across the hall or something .
17	Nearly all the reviews here say what a scary , gripping , atmospheric movie this is .
10	I just did not see it I am afraid .
18	Maybe there is a difference in what people find scary in the US to here in Britain .
11	A big let down after all the hyped reviews : (
12	Roeg has done some great movies , but this a turkey .
18	It has a feel of a play written by an untalented high-school student for his class assignment .
19	The set decoration is appealing in a somewhat surrealistic way , but the actual story is insufferable hokum .
10	Our teacher showed us this movie in first grade .
7	I have not seen it since .
7	I just watched the trailer though .
11	Does this look like a first grade movie to you ?
6	I do not think so .
14	I was so horrified by this movie , I could barely watch it .
24	It was mainly the scene with Shirley McClain cutting that little girl in half , and then there was the boy with ketchup !
8	I was freaked out by this film .
14	Now today , being 20 , I probably would not feel that way .
25	I just wanted to share my experience and opinion that maybe small children should not see this movie , even though it 's PG .
12	Be aware of the possible outcomes of showing this to kids .
14	I do not even remember what it was about , once was enough !
16	In the days before gore and sex took over , real horror films were made .
23	Castle of Blood is , in my estimation , one of the finest , although other reviewers have given it mixed ratings .
26	In an odd sort of way it reminds of the more recent The Others , which was in the theaters a couple of years ago .
26	Director Antonio Margheriti remade his own picture in 1970 titling it this time Web of the Spider ( AKA Nella Stretta Morsa del Ragno ) .
27	Why he did this I do not understand , although the remake starred Anthony Franciosa and Klaus Kinski and was very good in its own right .
16	Perhaps he saw a good story and wished to tailor it more to American audiences .
6	I do not really know .
18	It is interesting that he did the original in black and white and the remake in color .
8	Castle of Blood is excellent Italian Gothic .
23	La Danza Macabra is said to be an unpublished work of Edgar Allen Poe , who " appears " in this film .
34	Poe and Lord Blackwood , owner of a haunted castle , bet American writer Alan Foster ( George Riviere ) that he can not spend All Souls Night in said castle and survive .
23	Foster eagerly accepts the bet but soon regrets it , for he is witness to a series of murders committed by ghosts .
25	It seems that the ghosts come back to life once every few years but are doomed to re-enact the crimes they committed in life .
24	Lord Blackwood conveniently forgot to tell Foster that his blood is needed for them to resurrect themselves on the next All Souls Night !
39	It does not take Foster and the beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood ( portrayed by the incomparable Barbara Steele ) long to fall in love , even though their romance is doomed , because Elisabeth is one of the ghosts .
29	I will not give the ending away , but will just say that Castle of Blood is every bit a romantic tragedy as it is a horror story .
2	Comments .
15	This film is greatly atmospheric , even by the excellent standards of the Italians .
24	My personal opinion is they do true horror better than anybody , and the somewhat dim black and white filming only enhances this .
21	In fairness , Web of the Spider was fine in its own right , even with color and greater brightness .
18	I loved the lingering shots , something most modern day directors do not have the patience for .
39	Indeed , when Alan first enters the doomed castle , we are treated to several minutes of him doing nothing but roaming around from room to room , the dread ands unease building in his face and mannerisms .
16	By the time the first ghost appears , the audience is thoroughly primed and ready .
20	There is wonderful dialogue between Alan and the ghosts , something else not often done in standard ghost stories .
14	There are also memorable scenes , very visual for this type of film .
30	Elisabeth 's " murder " and the dance scene ( reminds somewhat of the similar dance of the ghouls in 1962 's Carnival of Souls ) were particularly good .
18	Sadly , few general interest viewers will ever hear of , much less see , this film .
15	That is a shame , for this one is a cut above the rest .
19	I got my copy from Sinister Cinema and am not certain if it can be purchased anywhere else .
13	For persons interested in this genre , it is a must see .
20	I do not give much credence to AIDS conspiracy theories but its sociologically interesting to see the phenomenon dramatized .
24	In the early years of the AIDS epidemic , the suffering and paranoia of the scared and dying often generated such dark fantasies .
16	This was especially true in the politically radical and sexually extreme demi-monde of San Francisco .
17	The city , renowned for its beauty , has rarely appeared uglier than in this film .
10	A sense of darkness and decomposition pervades every scene .
33	While the acting and plot can not be said to be well-done the films unique cultural context and oppressively dark mood at least partly saves the film from being a complete loss .
26	Actually , I found the most interesting performance to be Irit Levi as a crusty and cynical Jewish , lesbian ( ? ) police detective .
9	She 's interesting , though not necessarily convincing .
30	Highlights : the film 's use of the garishly tragic Turandot is an effective motif and there is a sublime silent cameo by iconic performance artist , Ron Athey .
23	Although Bette Davis did a WONDERFUL job as Mildred , I felt that the film was not the best I had seen .
18	At the end of the movie I was left feeling like there was something missing in it .
22	Bette Davis did a perfect job , though , and she made me hate her and pity her all the while .
29	Leslie Howard did very good as the lovelorn Philip Carey , and I so pitied him throughout the movie for being in love with such a horrible dame .
19	It 's such a sad thing when one finds him / herself in love with a bad seed .
19	And especially if it 's someone like Philp Carey , who is a sensitive person , though pathetic .
15	In the end , the acting was what came through and not the plot .
17	The ending scene was particularly good , but I am not one to give it away .
16	Although others may find this movie good , I was one who found it so-so .
32	I should recommend this movie to those who like a bad seed so they can see what may happen to them if they find themselves in love with that horrible person .
16	W. Somerset Maugham 's Of Human Bondage is supposed to be a English language classic .
14	If so , much must have been missing from the film version here .
38	Phillip 's ( Leslie Howard ) attraction to Mildred ( Bette Davis ) is so utterly inexplicable as to make the scenario seem like the post-breakup retelling of a relationship from the man 's point of view .
39	Being a family lawyer I have heard many such accounts ; the man depicts himself as noble and always correct , and the woman is a hellion who has had no other objective than to exploit the man .
25	Indeed , unless one is willing to laugh at the social assumptions of the film maker , this is an uncomfortable movie to watch .
43	Phillip even indulges Mildred when she brings over a baby of indeterminate paternity , but the real high point comes when Phillip allows Mildred - enraged and now of dubious sanity - the free run of his flat , with predictable results .
20	Bette Davis was attractive for about five years of her life , but that period did not occur here .
25	In fact , by the end of the movie she looks a lot like the Baby Jane character she would play thirty years later .
13	I note how Howard 's character is always impeccably dressed and groomed .
10	It tells me that Phillip craves middle class respectability .
17	Someone like that could not run from a woman with a course Cockney accent fast enough .
11	And balanced that by allowing Mildred a modicum of charm .
15	There is a lot the matter with Helen and none of it 's good .
28	Shelley Winters and Debbie Reynolds play mothers of a pair of Leopold & Loeb like killers who move from the mid-west to Hollywood to escape their past .
21	Reynolds , a starstruck Jean Harlow wannabe , opens a dance studio for children and Winters is her piano player .
11	Soon Winters ( as Helen ) begins to crack up .
36	It 's all very slow going and although there are moments of real creepiness ( nasty phone calls , a visit from wino Timothy Carey ) , the movie is devoid of any real horror .
8	Nevertheless , it 's still worthy entertainment .
12	The acting divas are fine and the production values are terrific .
17	A music score by David Raskin , cinematography by Lucien Ballard and Oscar-nominated costumes contribute mightily .
23	With this , A PLACE IN THE SUN and LOLITA to her credit , does anyone do crazy as well as Winters ?
16	Directed by Curtis Harrington , a master at this type of not quite A-movie exploitation .
45	In addition to Carey , the oddball supporting cast includes Dennis Weaver , Agnes Moorehead ( as a very Aimee Semple McPherson like evangelist ) , Yvette Vickers and Micheál MacLiammóir ( the Irish Orson Welles ) as Hamilton Starr , aptly nicknamed hammy .
20	The film is almost laughable with Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters teaming up as the mothers of convicted murderers .
32	With the horrible notoriety after the trial , the two women team up and leave N.Y. for California in order to open and song and dance studio for Shirley Temple-like girls .
21	From the beginning , it becomes apparent that Reynolds has made a mistake in taking Winters with her to California .
16	Winters plays a deeply religious woman who increasingly seems to be going off her rocker .
17	To make matters worse , the women who live together , are receiving menacing phone calls .
28	Reynolds , who puts on a blond wig , is soon romanced by the wealthy father of one of her students , nicely played by Dennis Weaver .
25	Agnes Moorehead , in one of her last films , briefly is seen as Sister Alma , who Winters is a faithful listener of .
8	The film really belongs to Shelley Winters .
14	She is heavy here and heaviness seemed to make her acting even better .
10	Winters always did well in roles testing her nerves .
22	The ending is of the macabre and who can forget Winters at the piano banging away with that totally insane look ?
25	Debbie Reynolds toe-taps , tangos and , yes , tap-dances her way through this ordinary thriller which has a distinctly fabricated ' 30s atmosphere .
27	Two ladies , brought together when their sons commit a murder , try starting their lives over by running a tap-dance school for tots in Hollywood .
11	Trouble is , one of them is plagued by neuroses .
19	Can you imagine this thing 10 years earlier with Robert Aldrich directing Bette Davis and Joan Crawford ... ?
33	Nahh , Bette never would have allowed Joan so much screen-time to strut her stuff , and I can not imagine Bette Davis in the other role , tap-dancing her heart out .
37	This is a purely bogus piece of macabre , written by a slumming Henry Farrell ( whose idea of a good " shock " is to stage the mass-murder of a group of rabbits ! ) .
15	Not an ounce of honest fun in the whole tepid package . *1/2 from ****
12	I saw this film at SXSW with the director in attendance .
20	Quite a few people walked out , and the audience could barely muster even polite applause at the end .
19	Of the 60 or 70 films I have seen at this festival , Frownland is among the worst .
13	At 106 minutes , it is at least 95 minutes too long .
21	You get to watch the main character 's failed and drawn out attempts to communicate , in extended real time .
28	The same grimaces , hand over mouth motions , kinetic and frantically repeated words and syllables over and over and over again - WE GET THE POINT .
11	One site actually compares this work to early Mike Leigh .
13	What drugs would you have to be on to make that statement ?
29	Given that Frownland is a Captain Beefheart song , maybe you 'd have to be able to enjoy Trout Mask Replica on heavy rotation to appreciate this film .
11	Unbelievably , this won a jury award at the festival .
11	You can bet it did not win an audience award .
22	I never thought I see a movie worse than " Lisa Picard Is Famous " , but this came pretty close .
28	As repeated often throughout the comments , it was predictable ; five minutes into the movie you know it will be a stranded at the alter outcome .
23	This movie painfully references / rips off everything from " Something about Mary " to " Revenge of the Pink Panther " .
13	Writer Greg Glienna ( Meet the Parents ) needs some new material .
22	The only twist is the deranged boyfriend / police officer pursued by internal affairs , but even that opportunity is wasted .
18	Lots of setting shots of the Seattle Space Needle necessary to disguise the obvious Canadian shooting locale .
29	Some of the worst driving in the car scenes with almost no effort to disguise the fact that the car is being pulled through town on a trailer .
17	Geez , at least turn the wheel or put the brakes on once in a while .
19	Selma Blair is inert and the short haircut a crime . $3M to Jason Lee , for what ?
5	Guess it beats skateboarding !
38	So here 's who should see this movie : Bee Gees fans who want to hear two actors sing ' Islands in the Stream ' badly ; People who can not get enough of Julia Stiles . 1/10
41	This was one of the most boring movies I have ever seen  I do not really know why  Just your run-of-the-mill stories about guy who is about to get married , and starts to fancy someone else instead .
8	Story has been told a thousand times .
9	Nothing new or innovative about it at all .
12	I do not really know what was wrong with this film .
32	Most of the time when these kinds of actors / actresses get together to make a film that have already been made a million times before , it 's really entertaining .
16	There are usually little clever thing in them that are not really in any other .
13	For some reason , this one just does not hold your attention .
25	I think Jason Lee has huge potential , but this was the WRONG vehicle in which to attempt to break out as a star .
10	The plot is awful , the comedy is awful .
19	I laughed twice , I think for relief , because in retrospect , they were fairly lame jokes .
27	I found myself scared for the future of Fletch , and had to console myself that it was the film that was flawed , not Lee .
29	Julia Stiles and Selma Blair are hot , but I recommend looking at the still photos on this website to figure that out , instead of this film .
7	Save your time . 1 star .
20	Poorly written conspiracy drama / mystery about the possibility that AIDS was introduced to the public by the government .
22	Wlaschiha plays a gay researcher looking for answers -- that within this foggy plot would be hard for anyone to find .
28	Despite the cinematography itself being commendable , the camera hungers for characters of true depth instead of the shallow , amateur acting it unfortunately has to convey .
3	Grade : D+
21	Julia Stiles is a talented young actress , who with guidance from a reputable agent has a lot of potential .
20	Obviously , the person who guided her into this travesty is not someone who cares anything about her career .
29	I sat in the theater surrounded by teenagers who left in droves to find another movie to sneak into wondering who thought this movie would appeal to anyone .
29	It was poorly written , the casting director could only have put 1 or 2 minutes of effort into the characters and the director obviously did not care .
11	The only redemption was the small part by Larry Miller .
34	It seemed that the movie was trying too hard to be " Something About Mary , " but I did not even like that movie and it still fell short of those standards .
22	The actor who plays Paul was great , but Selma Blair is stuck in the stupidity of her Cruel Intentions character .
30	James Brolin was great , but Paul 's father seemed like he was trying too hard to be the Randy Quaid character from the National Lampoon 's Vacation movies .
42	" A Guy Thing " tries to capture the feeling of " There is Something About Mary " or " Meet the Parents " but comes off more like it was edited up out of cutting-room rejects of those two films .
23	Thankfully I rented it on a 5-day rental because I could not sit and watch more than 20 minutes at a time .
35	The premise is decent and I liked the scenes where other guys automatically cover up for Paul 's missteps ( the checker at the Save-mart was great ) but the script-writing is absolutely horrible .
33	The dialog falls flat most of the time and just when you think that things are finally going to get on track some needless sight-gag is stuck in for no good reason .
11	Plus how many toilet jokes does one movie really need ?
31	Do not get me wrong , slapstick humor is great when it 's smartly done as in the other films I mentioned , but this movie simply misses the mark .
30	Too bad as I love Julia Stiles ( Ten Things I Hate About You was great ) but even that could not help me sit through this terrible movie .
17	Save your dollars and go rent " There is Something About Mary " one more time .
19	I had hoped this movie was going to be mildly entertaining , like other sorts of its genre .
15	However , it was lame and I did not find myself laughing very much .
27	Watch it on HBO , maybe , or if you have got a free rental to waste and you need a movie to pass the time .
10	But I do not recommend paying to see it .
22	The plot is simple and straightforward , and it could have been funny , maybe , if the script was better .
22	Jason Lee can be hilarious , and he gets a few laughs here and there , but the movie falls flat .
8	Just do not go see this one .
17	The directing is lackluster , but for what it is , directing is not that important .
14	I guess its main drawback is that it is just not very funny .
11	See something else , do not waste your time here .
8	What a terrible , TERRIBLE , film !
12	One of the worst movies I have seen in my life .
38	I usually love movies like this , the whole " A guy meets an eccentric woman who he likes , but he happens to already be involved with someone , who not right for him .... " .
10	I expected something predictable and I did not mind .
19	The movies are always entertaining mixing the right amount of romance with comedy , but not this one !
16	Every single joke falls flat and the " romance " makes me want to vomit .
39	The title character is one of the most " please kill me " characters that I have ever witnessed on my television , the " eccentric woman " is not very eccentric , more like quirky and annoying .
24	The " other someone " is the most reasonable , mature person in this film but also happens to be just as annoying .
19	This films flat out sucks , there is no way around it , do not waste your time .
23	Jason Lee does his best to bring fun to a silly situation , but the movie just fails to make a connect .
17	Perhaps because Julia Stiles character seems awkward as the conniving and sexy soon to be cousin-in-law .
30	Maybe it is because she and Selma Blair 's characters should have been cast the opposite way . ( Selma Blair seems more conniving than Julia would be ) .
42	Either way this movie is yet another Hollywood trivialization of a possibly real world situation ( that being getting caught with your pants out at your bachelor party not stooping your cousin ) , which while having promise fails to deliver .
30	There are some laughs to be sure and the cast ( even if miscast ) do their best with sub grade material which does not transcend its raunchy topic .
37	So instead of getting a successful raunch fest ( ie Animal House or American Pie ) we are left with a middle ground of part humor and part stupidity ( ala Meatballs 2 or something ) .
16	I am not a big fan of rom / coms at the best of times .
27	A few have been quite good ( check of Dream for an Insomniac ) , but this one is just more of the same but less .
16	With a running time of 100min , I expect more than 1 laugh every 30mins .
18	The only real belly laugh are when male strangers and friends instinctively help out Lee 's character .
7	All I can say is AVOID .
32	I guarantee there is at least 10 other movies on the shelf that deserve you $ $ 3 of out 10 ( And only cos I am a big Lee fan )
16	I am not a big fan of rom / coms at the best of times .
27	A few have been quite good ( check of Dream for an Insomniac ) , but this one is just more of the same but less .
16	With a running time of 100min , I expect more than 1 laugh every 30mins .
18	The only real belly laugh are when male strangers and friends instinctivly help out Lee 's character .
7	All I can say is AVOID .
32	I gaurentee there is at least 10 other movies on the shelf that deserve you $ $ 3 of out 10 ( And only cos I am a big Lee fan )
5	I just watched it .
12	A couple of laughs , but nothing to write home about .
9	Jason Lee looked like he was having fun .
18	The ( long ) DVD gag reel consists almost solely of him having fits of uncontrollable laughter .
34	Selma Blair seemed to be punching a time clock , but then again , her character was supposed to be a stick in the mud , so " well done " I guess ?
26	Jim Brolin was surprisingly funny . ( Being married to Babs can not be a picnic . ) The soundtrack was hip , and eclectic .
25	Larry Miller , who played Julia Stiles father ( hilariously ) , in 10 Things I Hate About You is funny here as well .
18	He 's great , but the best aspect of this movie was the casting of Julia Stiles .
18	I could spend two hours watching her fold laundry , and I feel like I just did .
2	Wow .
12	That 's about as much as I can say right now .
5	Who writes this stuff ?
5	Who produces this stuff ?
13	What self-respecting actor would agree to ' act ' in this stuff ?
4	Oh my GOD !
37	I do not know how I made it through this movie , but I assume the fact that I had had like 8 cups of coffee that day was the key element in keeping me awake .
3	Good Lord !
34	It was one of the most droned-out and predictable pieces of cinematography I have ever witnessed ... and for the record , I do not EVER plan to ' witness ' it again .
15	I first saw the film when I bought the DVD ( MISTAKE #1 ) .
8	I mean ... I figured , hey !
3	Julia Stiles .
4	I like her .
4	She 's cool .
15	I will watch it as soon as I get home ( MISTAKE #2 ) .
26	I tried to watch it without groaning every five minutes wondering when this bunch of crap would come to an end , really I did .
5	But I was unsuccessful .
12	It was one of the worst things I had ever seen .
21	I mean ... what is with that thing where he imagines what would happen then snaps back into real life ?
20	That was annoying enough when the father used to do that in ' Parenthood ' like ten years ago .
19	I should have figured something was wrong when I realized that I 'd never heard of this movie .
7	It was most likely a straight-to-DVD .
17	To anybody who may be thinking of watching this , I have one piece of advice .
3	Do not !
11	For the LOVE of God ... Do not ! ! !
33	I am ashamed to have it in my DVD collection , and I can not get rid of it ... Nobody , and I mean NOBODY wants to buy it from me !
25	And I am talking second-hand and third-hand thrift shops that would buy the mud off your shoes and stick it in the store window .
11	That should let you know just how CRAP it is .
18	Just a regular Jason lee movie , There were some parts of the movie that were funny .
15	The undertone of the move is to live life on the edge I guess .
18	These are the types of movies that I think 14 year old girls watch at slumber parties .
7	It was an all right movie .
28	It is kind of one of those movies you have on in the back ground and look up every now and then to when something catches attention .
28	I think That Julia stiles and Selma Blair are a good combination and would like to see them in a movie with a good story and plot .
10	Its just kind of a boy meets girl movie .
12	This is that perfect movie they would show on comedy Central .
20	I am glad that I did not see this movie in the theater , I would have been angry .
15	But I guess that 's why I did not see it in the theater .
36	Were it not for the poignancy of the concept of the film , this would fall into the category of the many films about the ruination of the world by a rampant non-prejudicial infective organism .
35	Stefan ( Tom Wlaschiha ) journeys from Berlin to San Francisco to investigate his father 's scientific suppositions about the induced sheep virus and its effects of the convicts in whom it was infused .
27	He meets with some disdain and resistance to a dead theory , but also encounters some folks who know of the theory and support his investigation .
47	Simultaneously with his visit a series of serial murders takes place , each victim killed in a similar manner and each murder apparently accompanied by strains of music from Puccini 's opera ' Turandot ' which just happens to be opening at the San Francisco Opera .
50	A police investigator Louise Tolliver ( Irit Levi ) and her companion cop ( Kalene Parker ) follow the murders while Stefan makes the rounds of the sex clubs and bars in San Francisco trying to locate men who may have been guinea pigs for his father 's theory .
38	He encounters a strange lad Jeffrey ( Jim Thalman ) with whom he has a cat and mouse attraction and a prominent Doctor Burroughs ( Richard Conti ) who seems oddly involved in the cast of suspects .
38	How this all come to an end is the play of the film , a story as much about the search for self identity between Stefan and Jeffery as it is a case for investigation of murders .
28	Good idea for a film and some good characterizations by the actors , but there is no resolution of the initial premise that started the whole thing .
5	Grady Harp , February 06
6	This is so incredibly bad .
3	Poor actors .
21	You can tell they are trying really hard to polish a turd , but we all know you can not .
18	The writing is so obvious and facile , it 's sad watching them try to sell it .
23	The humor and pacing are so labored , it 's hard to believe any of these good actors signed on for this .
20	That said , it 's so awful that we are having a hard time looking away from the screen .
10	We just have to know where this trainwreck goes .
11	But that 's only because we caught it on TV .
13	If we had actually PAID for this , we 'd be disgusted .
14	So it gets 2 stars for being at least amusingly / fascinatingly bad .
27	And the incidental music ( as opposed to the trying-too-hard indie soundtrack ) is laughably reminiscent of an episode of Scooby-Doo ... but not as good .
9	I thought this movie had absolutely no moral .
22	I mean , how would you feel if your fiancé left you on your wedding day for your cousin ? ? ?
6	I would be heartbroken ! !
16	It 's classified as a comedy but I did not find it funny at all .
12	I thought it just mostly found cheap laughs and took them .
13	I normally love Julie Stiles movies , but this is an exception .
24	Jason Lee stars in another disgraceful show , which once again proves that class and decent morals are not relevant in todays society .
14	It had a complete lack of taste and I despise movies like this .
39	I understand that people will defend this movie and it 's morals because it is ' Just a movie ' , but I still stand by my mark that this bad behaviour should not be allowed on screen .
42	Oh-so-familiar comedy story about low-key nice-guy Paul ( Jason Lee ) , who after the night of his bachelor party , wakes up in bed with Becky ( Julia Stiles ) , an attractive blonde he met just the night before .
27	After lying about it to his fiancée Karen ( Selma Blair ) , he 's forced to tell more and more lies to cover his tracks .
25	I am sure most of us have been witness to a story like this at least once before ... on film or on TV .
19	The movie is formulaic and EXTREMELY predictable , with an ending you may see coming a mile away .
12	At least the cast provides some interest and keeps it watchable .
30	Lee is just right in the lead , and Stiles is a lot of fun in a light-hearted comedic role different from the very serious roles she usually plays .
19	Becky is a free spirit who seems to change jobs as often as other people change their clothes .
10	But you know , this is not exactly well-written .
31	At least one question is left unanswered : for WHAT , exactly , is Ray ( Lochlyn Munro ) , Becky 's brutal ex-boyfriend , being investigated by the I.A. ?
39	And I did not like the character of Buck ( David Koechner ) , Paul 's stepfather ; he 's a super-obnoxious moron who got on my nerves so quickly I was begging for somebody to punch him .
40	Add another debit : a gratuitous , uncredited cameo by comic / actor Larry Miller , once again playing a grouch ( in this case , it 's a little justified - his character is an ultra-conservative minister ) .
28	Not good at all , but as usual for me , I give it a three out of ten based on the efforts of the cast alone .
24	If you are studying Welles and want to see just how far he fell after Citizen Kane , this film will prove it .
36	The cheap excuse of making the protagonist a self-admitted dummy to explain how he might fall into such a half-baked scheme fails to explain the absurd courtroom theatrics and ridiculous plot twists that eventually ensue .
40	Do not be taken in by the high rating of this film in the db as I was ; all I can guess is that there are a lot of die hard old Welles and Hayworth fans out there .
15	This is the 2nd time I have seen this movie in about 12 years .
17	These remarks come from someone who finds Kane and Ambersons to be amazing , worthy films .
26	But the remainder of Welles career is , unfortunately , squandered on material unworthy of his talent and too flimsy to withstand his filmic embroidering .
27	And when he makes a potboiler like Shanghai , the lack of anything substantial to hang his filmic tricks on , is just kind of sad .
11	I could not tell you what he was exploring here .
27	It 's all as mannered as Welle 's godawful Irish brogue ; which takes a lot of effort , but adds absolutely zero to the film .
9	Several Welles projects became this overdeveloped and baroque .
16	Mr Arkadin ( pick a version , any version ) is a similarly belabored project .
5	The material is inconsequential .
12	It just can not bear the weight of all this noodling .
33	For a director trafficking in reality-based drama ( as here ) , he never feels any pull to tie his bundle of conceits back to reality ; or to a coherent story .
6	The murder-for-hire scheme is ridiculous .
20	Kudos to Welles though , for having Hayworth cut her hair , and getting that performance out of her .
5	The camera loves her .
18	She 's the classiest , most upscale , sultry and ravishing femme fatale ever put on film .
28	But her treachery comes so late in the film it feels like some desperate decision , made so the movie will have some genre it fits into .
17	The movie can not be saved by a noir convention deployed in the last 60 seconds .
40	When all is said and done in L.F.S. , the convolutions are all for what ? ; to convince you you have seen something thoughtful ? to give Welles more to do ? to make you roll your eyes ?
18	Welles has no sensitivity to the scale of a story , or to telling a story directly .
36	One wonders what Shanghai has to say to anyone who is not a crippled billionaire , arranging a quadruple-cross murder-for-hire scheme , or a fanboy in love with filmic conceits devoid of meaning or substance .
6	Overwrought , preposterous , unengaging .
19	Underneath the dense green glop of computer graphics there gleamed the astounding art and skill of Ichikawa Somegoro .
10	Alas : it got lost in all the goo .
38	The scenes of Old Edo -- with the courtesan , drifting on the Sumida , rehearsing and acting in the Nakamura-za -- were all exciting and engaging , taking you back to an interesting and rich era .
27	The action on the Kabuki stage , in which Somegoro excels and excites , was more enriching than any of the absurd high jinks that followed .
30	The skill , the energy in the audience , the colors of the sets , were far more satisfying than all the nonsense that took over plot and performance .
5	What a wasted opportunity !
16	One of the best kabuki actors alive , and he gets lost in the dreck .
14	I try to be very objective when I view a low budget movie .
18	I also apply a lower weight to independent and low budget productions versus the big budget productions .
12	I expect near flawlessness from big budget productions and their studios .
11	Therefore I apply tougher criteria to the major studio releases .
8	But this movie was just a dud .
2	Period .
5	The premise was terrible .
26	The main character , Mary Gordano ( Alicia Silverstone ) , was unbelievable as a high school senior with an unquenchable desire to solve crimes .
18	There was not enough depth in her character or her acting that pulled you into her world .
25	Also , to make this movie more mysterious , the lighting in certain scenes did not set the mood , especially in the warehouse .
14	Once again another disappointing movie that I could only give three points to .
8	The movie never becomes intolerable to watch .
28	And to tell it straight , it has nothing to show either , except maybe part-sexy Alicia Silverstone in a nerdy non-sexy character in revealing quite-sexy dresses .
21	The story is very easy to follow or there is nothing to follow -- you can see in either way .
22	There is no suspense , little action , unimpressive dialogs , unsatisfactory sensuality , same boring locations and very bland acting .
6	Kevin Dillon is totally worthless .
17	Silverstone ... well , I did not concentrate too much on her acting , I confess .
25	Yet as I said earlier , if one has nothing to do except watching a movie , this will not look so bad . 4/10
22	One has to wonder if at any point in the production of this film a script existed that made any sense .
18	Was the rough cut 3 hours long and was it trimmed into the incoherent mess that survives ?
7	Why would anyone finance this mess ?
31	I will say that Tom Wlaschiha is a good looking young man and he does what he can with the dialogue and dramatic ( ? ) situations he is given .
31	But characters come and go for no apparent reason , continuity is non-existent , and the acting , cinematography , and direction are ( to put it politely ) amateurish .
25	Not One Sleeps is an unfortunate choice of title as it will probably prove untrue should anyone actually attempt to actually watch this film .
25	Alicia Silverstone ( pre - " Clueless " ) plays a modern-day crime-obsessed teenager attempting to solve the brutal slaying of a local girl .
25	Pat Verducci wrote and directed this B-flick , which is not especially well-made but is however surprisingly serious-minded in regards to its leading character .
21	Silverstone is appealing and successful in carving out an interesting young woman here , despite the picture 's kitschy undermining .
25	The supporting cast ( including Kevin Dillon and Michael Bowen ) is not bad , though the violence in the last act goes overboard .
14	Not a cheesy camp-fest , but nothing exceptionally memorable either . *1/2 from ****
31	This film was so predictable , that during the entire time you are hoping that the obvious suspect is innocent , and there is some other big twist still coming .
6	However ... it does not .
14	He just continues to act creepy , and she continues to ignore it .
15	Mary found very incriminating evidence at his place , and she still trusted him ?
10	And what was that " baiting the trap " ?
5	There was no trap .
28	She confronted him , he said " excuse me . I have to go kill someone " He left , and that was the end of it .
25	They make attempts to use other suspects , ( like that one older carnival girl at the end ) but they are completely underdeveloped .
8	Actually , all the characters are underdeveloped .
22	They have no depth , and the setting is just plain strange ... who hangs out in a recycling factory ? ?
8	Its choppy and nothing is well developed .
40	For example : When she leaves his place after having the beer , and he finds the pics and she runs out and he catches her and they end up having sex in that car ... what was that ?
6	Her reactions were not portrayed .
40	In the car she acted scared like it could have been practically rape - but then all we see is her showering the next morning . booooooooo It could have been so much better . . sooo much better .
20	I have seen a lot of stupid plotlines in my time , but this one is among the worst .
17	After catching some disease in space , an astronaut comes back to Earth and starts melting .
44	He then goes on a rampage , killing people ( how is beyond me ; I just watch them , I can not explain them . ) This is the kind of movie that should not have been made in the first place .
27	The movie had so much potential , but due to 70 's technology constraints and also a weak script killed the main plot of the film .
14	The book version of the film was much better , and well conceived .
24	If it had been done right in the beginning with sources from the book , it could have been a very cool classic .
25	I just watched The Incredible Melting Man for the second time , and it was even more boring than when I first watched it .
21	I do not understand why it has become such a ' cult classic ' when it is so tediously dull .
22	The opening scene looks promising , when the fat nurse drops the canister of blood and runs for her dear life .
27	After this all that really happens is the melting man stalks around some woods and houses , whilst having flashbacks of his life as an astronaut .
15	The makeup is quite good , and his melting gooey face looks fairly realistic .
32	There is a cool scene where he throws a mans head in a river , and it floats until it reaches a waterfall where it falls on rocks and bursts open .
26	There is not much to wet yourself over though , most scenes are shot in darkness and you can not really see what is happening .
15	There is not much gore , at least in the Vipco DVD I watched .
13	No , The Incredible Melting Man is not that great at all .
15	I will give it marks for its cheese factor but that 's about it .
17	If you want a TRUE sci-fi / horror cult classic , watch The Deadly Spawn instead !
15	So the idea of having the redundant plot return seems doomed from the start .
27	Alas watching THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN it seems the plot is the least of its problems First of all this is an incredibly badly made movie .
15	The budget is in single figures and I am talking about lira not dollars .
14	There is no cinematography to speak of and there is countless editing blunders .
16	For example a photographer takes his ( Barely legal ) model for a photo shoot .
50	Cut to a shot where the sun is directly behind model , then cut to shot of photographer where the sun is directly behind him , then cut back to the model where the sun is ... The lack of budget drags the film down in other aspects too .
37	According to the trivia page the budget was so low the producers could not get any stock footage of Saturn so when astronaut Steve West mentions how beautiful Saturn looks we get footage of the sun .
24	Actually the sun gives the most impressive performance in the film since the human actors would not be employed by a porn studio .
29	If I was appearing in this I would not be scared by the eponymous monster - I 'd be terrified of splinters from the rest of the cast .
27	Perhaps we should be slightly forgiving though since the obvious lack of budget manifests itself in things like the actors having to wear their own clothes .
45	A general for instance does not wear his nice fancy dress uniform complete with medals - he wears a denim jacket and baseball cap There has to be suspension of disbelief for a film like this to work but it fails on every level .
21	The tone is set early on in the film where Mr Melty murders a nurse and escapes from the hospital .
36	Instead of the police getting a call saying there is been a murder Dr Nelson just decides to track down his patient on his own own same as he 'd look for a missing cat .
9	THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN is Z grade rubbish .
45	I can certainly understand why people enjoy this movie because it does reach the heights of " It 's so bad it 's good " but apart from Rick Baker 's sometimes impressive make up effects it 's nothing more than a very guilty pleasure
37	Rebar is an astronaut who goes on the world 's first space mission to Saturn , but of course this being a horror movie things turn ugly and he returns to earth as the only survivor .
44	Stricken with some bizarre condition that causes him to slowly melt and lose his mind unless he regularly consumes human flesh , he kills what apparently is the only nurse in the hospital and escapes to the neighboring town to stalk more victims .
37	I liked the premise and the monster and gore effects are actually pretty good , but the space scenes are just pasted together out of stock NASA footage and the hospital looks curiously like a warehouse .
11	I can watch a good gory film now and then .
8	I have seen some pretty sick stuff .
26	However , this is one of the few films that I found to be grotesque in a way that was just plain repulsive and revolting .
9	I like gore films when they are fun .
12	I like wen they are a lot of creativity behind them .
9	The gore in this film is not creative .
4	It is sick .
4	It is repugnant .
5	It is completely unpleasant .
11	Because of this , this film is certainly not entertaining .
12	The film is a horror film , but it lacks scares .
38	So pretty much the only reason why one would watch this film is for the gore , but that is the most unappealing and ugly aspect of the whole film , and that 's saying a lot .
23	The acting is terrible , the plot makes no sense , and the music is really annoying and WAY too electronic sounding .
10	It all took me right out of the film .
12	Pretty much the whole film is one big long depressing ordeal .
28	There is this guy that has a freak accident in a shuttle and awakens in a hospital to find that his skin is dissolving and melting off .
21	I guess that after that he goes out and eats human flesh in order to slow down the melting process .
32	There is some weird subplot involving an old couple getting chased by a dog , some dismembered head floating down a stream , and an ending involving a man being electrocuted .
44	There were times where I tried really hard to enjoy it , but the only scene in the whole film that I thought was even entertaining was the scene early on in which a nurse runs down a hospital corridor in slow motion .
18	If you like ugly , nasty , ad unappealing horror films , this one is for you .
30	A few days ago , I watched a documentary called THE FIFTY WORST MOVIES OF ALL TIME and this is where I first heard of THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN .
33	Being a lover of schlocky films , I am making it a point to try to find some of the films from the documentary -- not just including THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN .
26	In fact , MELTING MAN is the first " bad film " I have seen since then and I must say I am rather disappointed .
21	While it truly is a bad film , it comes nowhere near close enough to make inclusion on this list .
32	Now before seeing the documentary , I have enjoyed " bad films " ever since I read the book " The Fifty Worst Movies of All Time " by Harry Medved .
28	Despite the same title , the book came out long , long before the documentary and the makers of the documentary never credited Medved with the concept .
35	From the Medved book , I have seen about 35 of the 50 films but have come to an impasse -- the rest of the films just are not available on VHS or DVD .
14	So , I thought I 'd try the film by the same name .
23	The reason I was most disappointed with THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN was that there were a few good elements to the film .
14	First , the melting guy special effects were generally really cool and disgusting .
20	It 's obvious that a professional ( the famous Rich Baker ) was involved in making this look realistic .
10	As for the story , it 's just stupid .
14	A group of astronauts miraculously penetrate the rings of Saturn without being crushed .
18	Then , they comment about how beautiful the sun is -- as we see closeups of it .
25	This is odd since Saturn is so far from it -- it should NOT look this way -- it should be a large speck .
21	Regardless , immediately the scene changes and we are told that one of the surviving astronauts is in a hospital .
10	What happened between the last scene and this one ?
8	Yep , it 's anyone 's guess .
20	Well , soon after , the survivor escapes and engages in a murderous rampage as his entire body melts .
34	Now considering they have a psycho running about who looks like a melting popsicle , you 'd think the government would pull out all stops to find and stop him , right ? !
2	Wrong .
11	A general engages one lone doctor to find him ! !
11	No army , no police -- just some dopey doctor .
26	Even after bodies begin stacking up , at no point do the doctor or general do anything to organize a meaningful search or get backup .
48	Now , given the stupidity of the film , you also would not be surprised to find the following : When the melting dude is running around near the doctor 's house , the doctor gives his wife a powerful sedative and leaves her in the house .
24	When a cute old couple is driving late at night , they naturally stop in an orchard to pick fruit and are killed .
15	When a lady sees melting dude , she barricades the door to protect herself .
19	This would be smart IF she did not have the back door of the house next to her !
13	Instead of just leaving the house and escaping , she just waits !
21	When a photographer and his model are taking snapshots , the guy grabs his assistant and yanks off her top .
2	Why ?
16	Well to give the audience a cheap thrill and make it a rated R flick .
36	When the melting dude is finally located and the sheriff has a clear shot at him , the doctor stops him -- even though by now the monster had killed about a half dozen people .
14	So , as you can see the film abounds with stupid plot elements .
7	It is a very bad film .
21	But , given the occasionally good special effects , it just was not a horrible film like I 'd hoped .
33	Sure , it 's good for a laugh , but no where near PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE in badness and never should have been included on anyone 's worst film list .
26	I can not stand most reality shows and this one is worst than the one with Paris Hilton , and sure it 's his company .
19	But " you are fired " or " you are hired " , for how many seasons now ?
29	After watching the show I would not want to work for the guy with his ego and all and I think watching paint dry has more entertainment valve .
29	I 'd love to hear just one person get up and say " Donald I quit and take some of your money and buy a decent hairdo " .
14	I see he 's even trying to buy fame in the wrestling WWE .
17	I hope he gets hurt so I do not have to see his pathetic face anymore .
24	It must be sad to want fame so bad and have no talent and make an ass of yourself trying to buy it .
23	I 'd give this show a negative mark if I could but it gets a 1 and it does not deserve that .
9	Why do I constantly do this to myself ?
20	I mean , really , it 's right there in the title - " The Incredible Melting Man " .
6	What else would I expect ?
43	I have to admit , I am a sucker for just about anything I come across on the Monster HD channel , but the only redeeming feature of this picture would be that truly grotesque makeup job by the legendary Rick Baker .
23	As for creepy , I will give the nod to that horny old geezer couple sucking on lemons just before lights out .
6	Now they were truly scary .
27	Something I could never figure out in horror flicks was why a monster 's victims would not simply just run away when faced with virtual annihilation .
7	Like the chick in the cabin .
26	You know , there was a door completely visible right there in the kitchen that she could have run right out of at any time .
21	Incredible Steve-O could not muster much more than a brisk walk , so why not just blow right by him ?
11	I do not know , maybe I am missing something .
37	This flick had some of the feel of a ' Tales From The Crypt ' episode , but ' Tales ' usually had a cool or grotesque twist which often times you did not see coming .
17	This was one picture that you could not quite get a handle on coming OR going .
39	For example , in an early scene , you can clearly make out that Melting Man 's eyeball fell out of his head , so how did he manage to get around for the rest of the story ?
9	I guess we are not supposed to ask .
17	At eighty four minutes , this picture was about an hour and a half too long .
30	When it was all over , I was ready to take up General Perry on his earlier suggestion - " I could really use a drink about now " .
5	No , just kidding .
4	It was God-awful .
22	I was watching my local Sci-fi station last night , which plays movies , every night , within a monthly theme .
22	This month it 's " Space Turkeys , Or : How I Learned To Stop Worrying And Love The Bombs " .
11	Movies so bad , they should never have been made .
6	This was a good selection .
40	Everything about this movie is thoroughly horrible with two exceptions , the gore make-up ( which showed potential ) and the editing ( which slightly out did the rest of the movie , in terms of being horrible ) .
18	The acting is horrible all around , the dialog is horrible , the script , the direction .
7	It 's not a good movie .
16	It consists of two forms of special effects , gore and stock footage of space .
7	I will focus on the gore .
46	Watching this movie , I thought to myself , " What WAS the motivation behind the making of this movie ? " People like making stuff , sure , but I was hesitant to think anything good could have come of it for anyone involved .
23	I came to the conclusion that this movie was made as a means to increase the Make-up Effects guy 's Demo Reel .
41	Other than that , I can not say I have ever actually SEEN a real , live melting man - incredible , or otherwise - but I 'd have to say this seemed to be a fair representation of one .
47	Now , when I think of bad editing , I usually think of maybe a scene where someone 's talking on the phone and then , in the middle of the scene , the phone jumps down to his shoulder , or something to that effect .
16	This movie really serves to highlighted the fact that bad editing can take many forms .
8	Specifically , over-long and utterly useless scenes .
28	Just about every scene dragged on longer than it should have , from a little bit of dead air to that crazy-long screaming scene with Cleaver Girl .
47	And that severed head in the river , the head gets thrown into a river ( in slow motion ) , the movie carries on for a couple minutes , and then we cut back to the floating head and watch it fall down a waterfall .
19	While I am sure they were all very proud of their severed head , WHAT THE HELL ? ?
18	Lastly , I will mention the running fat lady / slow motion scene right near the beginning .
35	The jerky slow motion tells me that they did not shoot the scene in slow motion originally but later decided that it " was not working like that " and then slowed it down .
3	Oy vey .
14	Movies like this are best viewed at home with a bunch of friends .
26	This one 's a little slow most of the time but that 's just all the more time to come up with your own one-liners .
15	It 's not the worst of the worst but it 's pretty freaking bad .
21	Many moons ago when I was seven years old , I can vaguely remember seeing a trailer for this movie .
22	It appealed to my naive sense of curiosity and I decided to ask my parents to take me to this movie .
14	I forgot about " The Incredible Melting Man " and my disappointment faded .
12	Twenty-five years passed until it re-entered the forefront of my thoughts .
17	While surfing through channels on digital cable , I found this long-lost relic of a movie .
18	My curiosity was piqued and I decided to finally partake in this fruit forbidden by my parents .
7	I should have listened to them .
15	The " Incredible Melting Man " is perhaps the worst movie known to man .
11	This movie was not just bad - it was terrible .
22	After I watched it , I actually felt the need to TAKE A SHOWER to get the filth off of me .
23	There is running ' gag ' with an elderly couple making out , it is not funny , but it is disgusting .
12	The monster make up was cool , but that is all .
14	The continuity errors alone will have you angry - at least I was .
6	The editing is really poor .
17	Almost anything else you could possibly do would be better than spending time watching this movie .
31	Even if your group of friends are into ' bad movies ' this one is exceptional in its ineptitude , I could not even bring myself to laugh at it .
5	You have been warned .
6	Is this a stupid movie ?
4	You bet ! !
15	I could not find any moment in this film that was creepy or scary .
3	Stupid moments ?
2	Plenty .
3	Stupid characters ?
3	You bet .
3	Bad effects ?
2	Everywhere !
19	Rick Baker may have gone and done bigger and better things , this is not one of them .
7	Oh well people gotta start somewhere .
6	Dr. Ted Nelson is cheesed .
11	He is the most whiny doctor I have ever seen .
47	He 's got a melting man running amok out in Ventura County somewhere , he 's not overly happy that his wife is pregnant ( probably cause she 's 55 years old and weighs 90 lbs ) and there is no crackers to be found anywhere .
16	Plus he 's got the not-too-helpful general on his hinder wanting to find astronaut Steve .
21	And the local sheriff wants to know what 's going on even though Mr. Nelson can not tell him anything .
16	There also some random characters thrown in for good measure who encounter the melting man .
17	Eventually the movie ends and out monster gets scooped into a trash can to become compost .
15	In the end it 's just what you need for a great MST episode .
28	I managed to grab a viewing of this with the aid of MST3K , and oh boy , even with the riffing this movie was excruciatingly bad .
15	Imagine someone whose competence with a camera could be out done by a monkey .
20	The highlights ( what little there were ) came from the special effects , which were " OK " .
32	The acting for the most part was also " OK " ; though nothing special , it was of a higher quality than other B-Movies I have seen in the past .
30	The rest of this movie is dismally bad , The camera work often looks like they have just put the camera man on roller skates and pushed him along .
43	The story ( if it can be called that ) is so full of holes it 's almost funny , It never really explains why the hell he survived in the first place , or needs human flesh in order to survive .
14	The script is poorly written and the dialogue verges on just plane stupid .
14	The climax to movie ( if there is one ) is absolutely laughable .
15	If you can not find the MST3K version , avoid this at all costs .
18	I have begun to melt so I will make this review as short and sweet as possible .
20	There is this astronaut , and he goes up in a spacecraft with two other guys , ya know ?
35	Except something happens that exposes him to radiation , and then when they come back ... well , never mind what happened to the other guys , but our astronaut has begun to melt !
10	No , not just burn up , but MELT !
8	Like an ice cream cone in July !
14	Well OK maybe not that fast , but ya know what I mean .
21	Anyway , he gets all red & gooey , and the fact that he 's melting makes him really mad .
40	I guess he also checked out the " melting man " handbook because suddenly he knows that in order to keep from totally melting away , he has to eat human flesh , so he starts ripping people apart .
29	There are other characters , but in a movie where a man melts and melts and melts ( and melts ) , do you really need any others ?
18	What 's important is WHO will he munch next , and WHAT will be left of them ?
14	HOW long will it take for him to just melt away to nothing ?
10	WHY was this movie made in the first place ?
7	WHERE did they get the money ?
9	WHEN will you fall asleep while watching it ?
35	I have very nearly melted , but I still have enough time left to tell you that this movie is dreadfully boring , even though the idea is really cool and kind of gross .
10	The makeup is neat but everything else is ... SPLAT
36	I have always wanted to see this because I love cheesy horror movies and with a title like this , I was sure " The Incredible Melting Man " would be a lot of fun .
5	It really was not .
38	I mean , the acting was entertainingly bad , the script contained some classic bad lines and the special effects looked like someone had sneezed all over the lead actor , so I should have loved it .
9	Unfortunately it 's really draggy between these highlights .
16	I decided to watch the last half of the movie while doing my tax return .
8	That 's how boring this film is .
30	Nevertheless , if you love bad movies you will enjoy the dramatic exit of the Fat Nurse , and the stellar acting of the guy who plays Dr. Ted .
6	He 's a brave man .
33	Unfortunately his plan fails when he finds a big lot of goop on a tree . " Oh god - it 's his ear ! " says Dr. Ted to the audience .
9	I am so glad he cleared that up .
11	I realise I am making this movie sound rather fun .
42	It would be if it were only 10 minutes long , but unfortunately it goes on and on , and the Incredible Melting Dude just dangles about making a sticky mess when he should be eating more people in my opinion .
34	I think if you were truly stoned you would probably love it , just do not have pop-tarts during the movie , because the lead actor really does resemble one near the end .
5	A truly unpleasant film .
21	While Rick Baker 's special effects are quite impressive ( if stomach-turning ) , it has no other redeeming features .
27	Like many 70s movies , it leaves you feeling as if you need to take a long shower , and scrub the slime off of yourself .
12	The characters are uniformly unpleasant , and plot makes no sense .
33	I think that my favorite part of this movie , the one that exemplifies the sheer pointless , stupidity and inanity of the proceedings , comes at the climax of the film .
27	DOCTOR TED NELSON and his unmarried friend the Sheriff have finally cornered the Melting Man on a landing on some stairs in an electrical generating plant .
40	So the Sheriff has his gun pointed at MM , who is , and I give the movie and Rick Baker props for this , the most disgusting and terrifying object in human form that we have ever seen .
47	And he yells a very important question to DOCTOR TED NELSON : " WHAT DO WE DO NOW ? ! ? ! ? " The camera cuts over to DOCTOR TED NELSON , and it 's obvious that Ted has no idea what to do next .
17	So the sheriff panics and shoots , the Melting Man goes berserk , and hilarity ensues .
42	Maybe this explains why NASA has been screwing around with the Space Shuttle program in sub-lunar space for the last 30 years instead of going back to the Moon or out to Mars like everyone knows they OUGHT to be doing .
3	I dunno .
21	Anyway , that 's the kind of lousy , lazy writing and direction that undercuts every aspect of this movie .
22	It 's hard to say how good the actors actually are , because the movie has complete contempt for their characters .
44	Two other incredibly painful sequences also ramp up the stupidity of the proceedings : There is a scene featuring the lumpiest old couple in the world trying to steal lemons from a grove , only to be torn apart by the Melting Man .
9	This scene is a nadir in 70s cinema .
22	I can guarantee you have never watched a more pointless and irritating setup with odder looking people in your entire life .
28	The only thing that keeps the actress from literally chewing the scenery is that , as I said , their horse has apparently been peeing on it .
24	And we are forced to watch her hysterics for at least two minutes longer than any SANE film director would hold the shot .
15	Burr DeBenning ought to beat the crap out of IMM 's director and photographer .
32	I remember him from an old Columbo episode where he looked MUCH better than he does here - no one 's idea of a leading man , but solid and unobtrusive .
19	But no one could possibly be as unappealing in real life as his director makes him look here .
37	Everyone else comes off a little better except for the old couple ( and shut up , I know they were being played for laughs , but I ai not laughing ! ) but not much .
19	This definitely falls into the ' So Bad You Can not Look Away ' category of cinema disasters .
8	Want to watch a scary horror film ?
7	Then steer clear of this one .
14	There is not enough beer in the world to make this film enjoyable .
7	However , there is enough scotch .
8	Single-malt , if you can manage it .
21	If the previous comments were not enough to keep you from watching this film sober , allow me to assist .
14	NASA sends one man and two unpaid extras into space to orbit Saturn .
15	A really big solar flare causes Colonel Steve West to bleed from the nose .
10	Things go downhill from there , and wackiness ensues .
17	I actually read the book adaptation , which was published and released only in the UK .
12	MILES better than the film , and the book was dreadful .
31	At least some pretense is made towards suspense , and some sort of explanation of events is pulled out from the author 's ( rhymes with ' gas ' ) .
11	Not to say that the film is completely without merit .
31	Rick Baker learned that he really ought to read a contract before signing on to a film , and Jonathan Demme found that he 's really better suited to direct .
23	Yes , there is an MST3K episode featuring this flick , but it is , of course , edited quite a bit .
19	Without the obligatory flashing of the breasts , not even the healing power of scotch can save you .
19	Please , just go watch Raiders of the Lost Ark if you want to see a guy melt .
12	See Space Cowboys if you feel the need to see astronauts .
18	I can not , in all good conscience , recommend this film to the sober film-going public .
46	I was thinking that the main character , the astronaut with the bad case of the runs ( in his case , his skin , hair , muscles , etc ) could always get more movie work after he 'd been reduced to a puddle .
13	All he has to do is get a job as the Blob .
9	The premise of this flick is pretty lame .
27	An astronaut gets exposed to sunspot radiation ( I think ) , and so begins to act like an ice cream cone on a hot day .
29	Not only is this a puzzler , but apparently he has to kill humans and consume their flesh so that he can maintain some kind of cell integrity .
2	Huh ?
24	Have you ever noticed that whenever any kind of radiation accident or experiment happens , the person instantly turns into a killing machine ?
4	Why is that ?
29	The astronaut lumbers off into the night from the ' secret facility ' ( which has no security whatsoever ) , shedding parts of himself as he goes .
24	Apparently he retains just enough memory to make him head for the launch pad , maybe because he wanted to return to space .
36	Thus begins the part of the movie that 's pretty much filler , with a doctor wandering around with a Geiger counter , trying to find the melting man by the buzz he gives off .
37	He kills a stupid Bill Gates look-alike fisherman , scares a little girl a la the Frankenstein monster movie , and finishes off a wacky older couple ( punishing them karmically for stealing some lemons ) .
30	Then there is a short scene where he whacks his former General , and a very long scene where he kills a young pothead and chases his girlfriend around .
20	You 'd think that after she cuts his arm off and he run away , the scene would shift .
31	But no. . . we are treated to about ten minutes of the woman huddled into a corner panting and screaming in terror , even though the monster is gone .
13	All I could think was . . director 's girlfriend , anyone ?
14	The end of the movie is even lamer than the rest of it .
16	The melting man finishes turning into a pile of goo , and then ... nothing .
4	That 's it .
8	That 's the end of the movie .
15	Well , at least that meant that there was no room for a sequel .
22	I bet you Gene Simmons and Vincent Pastore negotiated in advance how many episodes they would be willing to appear in .
21	Is not just too contrived for Gene to switch to the ladies team and then throw himself on his sword ?
4	And Big Pussy ?
20	What the hell was that " look at me , I am a rat ! " double episode crap ?
9	All that cliché mafia banter - COME ON !
22	The big names voted off just happened to already have received money for their charity and got a custom tailored exit .
10	Hmm ... This is not reality but staged drama !
36	Mark Burnett 's other show , " Survivor " also raised questions for me when Johnny Fairplay stages his departure when he clearly had just a short time before his child is to be born .
2	Yuk !
23	The Incredible Melting Man plays like an extended episode of The Six Million Dollar Man , but with violence and some nudity .
20	I know this film is a bit crummy but I found it impossible not to kind of like it .
9	The acting and script are not the best .
46	But the effects are good for a 30 year old movie with a budget of $50 - the title character takes quite a while to actually melt but when he does it 's reasonably impressive ; we also have one inventive death scene involving electrocution .
17	Of note too is the music , it 's insane - a cheese-tastic medley of nonsense .
45	Notable highlights : * Marvel at the slow-motion nurse who jumps through a pane of glass for absolutely no reason whatsoever . * Be amazed by a day in the life of a severed head . * Beware of the psychotic cannibalistic melting humanoid .
32	Called Steve . * Be astonished when our hero takes a break from hunting the melting lunatic to have a bowl of soup and complain about insufficient crackers in the kitchen .
13	This film is just too 70 's for me to hate it .
15	It 's tacky and trashy but I thought it was a lot of fun .
7	You could do a lot worse .
2	Well .
31	Next , West is back home in some secret hospital , a melting gelatinous mass who goes berserk and causes a chunky nurse to run through a fake glass door .
27	Apparently , West " gets stronger as he melts " , which makes about as much sense as anything in this hopelessly purile , adle-brained moovie .
43	Then this dopey " Army Brass " , who looks kind of like Coleman Francis ( director of many bad moovies ) tries to cover the info up , but goo man runs around killing everyone he sees because he is melting .
11	He attacks a bickering old couple because he is melting .
18	He makes one terrible actress scream and moan helplessly for about 10 minutes because he is melting .
8	He is melting because he is melting .
21	The fx by the slumming Rick Baker are supposed to be the star here , but they just look hokey .
30	The film is poorly shot and everything looks so dark and muddled that it 's very difficult making out what 's what - not that it would help any .
23	MooCow says who cut the cheese with this one ? ? :=8P ps - " Did not you get any crackers ? "
37	Labored comedy has I.R.S. agent Tony Randall investigating eccentric farm family in Maryland who have never paid their taxes ; Debbie Reynolds is the tomboy farmer 's daughter who puts the squeeze on the not-so-disinterested tax-man .
25	Debbie certainly made her share of inferior theatrical sitcoms during this period -- and this one 's no better or worse than the rest .
15	Picture begins brightly but flags at the halfway point , becoming frantic and witless .
17	Randall is not a bad match for Reynolds , but the vehicle itself defeats the chemistry .
38	Based on the novel " The Darling Buds of May " by H.E. Bates , with a poor sound-mix causing all the actors to sound as if they are stuck in an echo chamber . ** from ****
43	The acting is simply terrible - Hanna Schygulla is all the smiling like an idiot ! - , the changings between Nazi-glamour and battlefields are ridiculous , the whole film looks as if it was made within two days in an attic .
30	Probably it was exactly that way and many people seem to take this for " real art " , but for me this movie is simply bad & cheap .
24	Compare this to Viscontis " La Caduta degli Dei " and tell me again that " Lili Marleen " is a good movie ...
5	Where do I start ?
22	Per the title of this film I expected some degree of authenticity , in the end I was severally let down .
36	This is not the story of Lale Andersen or the song Lili Marlene , rather it is a Hollywood ( or pick your film making hub ) story loosely based on some real life characters .
38	I should have had a clue when I heard a heavy English accent giving the intro to the movie in German ; the blood red text ( title , artists ) should have been the 2nd clue .
6	Do not waste your time .
25	As someone who has read the book , I can say that this is vastly inferior to the big American version starring Gwyneth Paltrow .
7	There are various reasons for this .
7	Firstly , Emma is too unpleasant .
26	Yes , she has faults , and is not the easiest person to like - but the viewer should not downright start to despise her .
7	Secondly , Mr Knightly is miscast .
31	His brooding and melancholy in this version are better suited to a Bronte or Gaskell adaptation than Austen , and throw the mood of the whole affair " off " .
28	Thirdly , Samantha Morton is too strong an actress to be relegated to the role of Harriet ; and why was she made to look so sickly ?
28	Harriet is supposed to be blonde and blooming - not to look as if she 's going to be carried off by consumption in the next scene .
12	Fourthly , the structure has been mucked up and scenes cut .
33	At the end , when Emma decides she loves Mr Knightly , it comes across as utterly baffling because this narrative has not been adequately shown and carried along throughout the film .
15	Fifthly , what was going on , exactly , with Mrs Elton 's accent ?
34	She went from sounding like an American actress trying to suppress her own accent at the beginning , to all out American half-way through , and then back to English at the end .
8	Finally , this dragged at the end .
17	The book and the big film version end with the wedding of Emma and Mr Knightly .
18	This version drags on confusingly after the announcement of the wedding without actually showing us the ceremony .
9	All in all , a rather haphazard attempt .
9	Read the book or rent the Paltrow version instead
5	The script is nice .
7	Though the casting is absolutely non-watchable .
16	No style . the costumes do not look like some from the High Highbury society .
35	Comparing Gwyneth Paltrow with Kate Beckinsale I can only say that Ms. Beckinsale speaks British English better than Ms. Paltrow , though in Ms. Paltrow 's acting lies the very nature of Emma Woodhouse .
29	Mr. Northam undoubtedly is the best Mr. Knightley of all versions , he is romantic and not at all sharp-looking and unfeeling like Mr. Knightley in the TV-version .
11	P.S. The spectator can not see at all Mr. Elton-Ms .
35	Smith relationship 's development as it was in the motion version , so one can not understand where was all Emma 's trying of make a Elton-Smith match ( besides of the portrait ) .
12	This is indeed a god adaptation of Jane Austen 's novel .
22	Compared with the American Version with Guinneth Paltrow , the script was written to resemble as much as possible the book .
6	But the acting was awful .
27	Besides Kate Beckinsale , who I believe was a true likeness of the Emma in the book , all the other actors were trying too hard .
14	Mark Strong was not the " gentleman " he was supposed to be .
31	He was often rude and offensive , had no feeling whatsoever , and throughout the entire film you could not see his love " growing " for Emma at all .
28	This had a terrible effect on Kate Beckinsale , who seemed to be trying to " resque " her leading role as well as her partner 's .
11	Moreover , there was no chemistry between the entire cast .
23	Hariett Smith , played by Samantha Morton , seemed to have no real attachment to Mr. Elton , played by Dominic Rowan .
16	Therefore , she did not seem as heartbroken as she was portrayed in the book .
10	The settings of the film are also too poor .
7	The costumes are even more so .
20	I would have imagined Emma Woodhouse to dress in a more fashionable and elegant way that she does here .
7	The ending is also too long .
21	It is good that it resembles the book 's ending , but it is a killer ending for a film .
16	And again , I can see no feeling of happiness in the face of Mr .
2	Knightley .
19	To conclude , I believed this adaptation to be loyal to the book , but with poor actors .
14	It seemed as if the film was made without any budget at all .
48	Mr Knightley is the perfect man , and Emma is as close as you could get in those times to an independent , clever , confident woman - remember , she is only 21 , and was sure to have matured and grown out of her flaws .
8	Who does not want to be Emma ?
12	Who does not want to be told off by Mr Knightley ?
17	This version of Emma gives you no sense of the things that I love about Emma .
15	I could not even finish watching it , I just found it so awful .
22	Mr Woodhouse 's character in this adaptation just appears bizarre , rather than just quaint , elderly and a bit trying .
16	This adaptation most importantly fails bring to life the relationship between Mr Knightley and Emma .
37	The dressing down he gives her right at the beginning of the show completely overstates the argument between them , and ruins all possibility of portraying the nature of their relationship as I have described above .
28	Mr Knightley is also insufficiently attractive to bring to life the sexual tension between the leads ( or to inspire any admiration from the female viewers ) .
3	Really horrible .
29	I can not understand why anyone who truly like the novel Emma could like it , unless it miraculously redeems itself after the point I switched it off .
17	I confess -- Emma , in my opinion , is the single greatest novel ever written .
13	It is as close to perfection as any mortal creation can be .
10	Jane Austen reaches the pinnacle of her art here .
9	Unfortunately , this is at best a palimpsest .
29	Comparison to the Gwyneth Paltrow version is inevitable -- that version is far more faithful to the witty spirit of the book and far more enjoyable to watch .
32	There are some good elements here -- Kate Berkinsale ( having previously played Flora Poste in Cold Comfort Farm , clearly Emma 's smarter spiritual twin ) is a wonderful Emma .
9	Raymond Coulthard makes an appropriately decorative Frank Churchill .
13	The production is handsome , but the interiors are far too dark .
8	However , there are several major problems .
19	The first is Mark Strong -- first of all , he does not look right for Mr. Knightley .
14	This is perhaps because he plays the role like a censorious Victorian parson .
7	It 's badly out of tune .
8	The second problem is one of length .
27	Simply put , the film is much too short -- to get the right kind of feel , it would need to be twice as long .
14	Finally , and most significantly , there is the quality of the adaptation .
14	Austen is an adapter 's dream -- all the dialogue is there already .
11	It only needs to be pruned down and arranged properly .
7	Andrew Davies seems to think otherwise .
19	First , this is a rather gloomy film , and the last thing Emma should be is gloomy .
18	More significantly , Davies has seen fit to rewrite the ending as some sort of bucolic feast .
15	What planet , or minor work of Thomas Hardy , is this come from ?
13	It is utterly out of the style and spirit of the novel .
17	And I believe that it is hugely presumptuous to try to make improvements upon -- perfection .
13	Watch the Paltrow version , or watch Kate in Cold Comfort Farm .
10	I LOVED the Apprentice for the first two seasons .
21	But now with season 5 ? ( or is it 6 ? ) things are getting just plain too tiring .
16	I used to like the show , but its become Donald Trumps own ego fest .
18	Its just that the show is unrealistic and the way he handles things makes me just squirm .
3	Good Entertainment ?
31	YES , but tiring as the back stabbing gets so tiring . . its not team work , its not personal , its just business . watch your back jack .
23	Forget Plan 9 , this is the ultimate fiasco , a costume drama , ineptly directed , scripted , acted , etc .
11	This film is based on Isabel Allende 's not-so-much-better novel .
37	I hate Meryl Streep and Antonio Banderas ( in non-Spanish films ) , and the other actors , including Winona , my favourite actress and Jeremy Irons try hard to get over such a terrible script .
46	Plenty of mistakes ( like , for example , since when does it snow in Xmas in Chile ? ) and very cruel , with tons of that evil named " magic realism " , this stands out as the worst movie of all time .
6	It totally sucks ! ! !
26	I managed to sneak away one night and go to the movie theater to see this one , thinking I was in for a treat .
6	Boy , was I wrong .
19	Considering the talent involved , this has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen .
27	Everyone in it was miscast , and I find it incredible to read on this site that there are people out there who actually liked it .
27	I am glad I rented this movie for one reason : its shortcomings made me want to read Allende 's book and get the full story .
31	Pros : the movie is beautiful , the period is depicted well and consistently ( to the best of my knowledge ) , and Meryl and Glenn do good jobs .
33	Most of the other performances are OK , but so few things hang together in the character arcs and the relationship development that I was frustrated and angry well before the end .
16	I am very curious now whether this movie is typical of Bille August 's work .
17	I may have to drop another couple of bucks to rent Smilla 's Sense of Snow .
23	There is enough star power in THE HOUSE OF SPIRITS to create another galaxy , yet the final product is pretty debatable .
38	The film and its messages are very noble , and I think perhaps most would agree with them . ( Liberal Democracy good , violent fascist regime bad ; open-mindedness good , racism bad , etc ) .
24	Unfortunately , we are battered from head to toe with these , and as much subtlety is used as I have described them .
23	Ultimately , we are left watching very noble people without any flaws squaring off with nasty cretins who have no redeeming qualities .
16	It radiates with all the suspense of a badly orchestrated " pro " wrestling match .
12	Jeremy Irons plays the patron , a man of many contradictions .
16	Meryl Streep as his gifted bride and Glenn Close , as her sister in law .
19	When the camera stays with these folks , the movie tends to move , and is quite enjoyable .
28	Unfortunately , THE HOUSE OF SPIRITS engages with simply way too many subplots , and characters pop up and out of the picture like shooting gallery targets .
18	We do not get to know them , hence we do not get to care for them .
5	The result is boredom .
33	If Bille August , the director and screenwriter ( from Isabel Allende 's book ) had either lengthened the film or snipped a few characters , this film might have worked completely .
19	As it stands , it was a nice try , with nice messages , and a bonecrushing yawnfest .
3	Not recommended .
26	When I found out there was a movie that had both my favorite actresses Meryl Streep and Wynona Ryder , I went through the roof !
18	But I had a hard fall after watching this lame movie and I still have the bruise .
24	First of all the character that Jeremy Irons ( an actor I still admire even after this disappointment ) plays was just awful .
16	He treated his family like crap , especially his sister , played by Glenn Close .
33	I could not get close or sympathize with any of the characters and I am no prude , but the sex scenes were really unnecessary or they could have been toned down .
22	Wynona and Antonio 's characters could have been developed a lot more and their romance could have been much more passionate .
14	And what was with Meryl 's character and her " mystical powers " ?
9	Why did not they go into this more ?
30	This film had a lot of dead ends and the bottom line is that this is a really lousy movie and there was a lot of wasted talent here .
19	Isabel Allende 's magical , lyrical novel about three generations of an aristocratic South American family was vandalized .
11	To my disappointment , I had not missed a thing .
27	None among Meryl Streep , Jeremy Irons , Glenn Close and Vanessa Redgrave could wiggle free of the trap set for them by director Bille August .
15	Back then , it was known by its original name : Kentucky Fried Chicken .
22	Even pardoning that , what on earth is Kentucky Fried Chicken doing in a military dictatorship in South America in 1970 ?
31	American fast food chains did not hit South America until the early 1980s . " The House of the Spirits " should have been the motion picture event of 1993 .
28	Because it was so club-footed and slavishly faithful to its vague idea of what the novel represented , Miramax had to market it as an art film .
11	As a result , it was neither event nor art .
13	And for that , Isabel Allende should have pressed charges for rape .
9	I regret that I have seen this movie .
22	Can not believe that the creator of Best Intentions and Pelle the Conqueror could make such a bleak and boring film .
4	What a waste !
11	The direction struck me as poor man 's Ingemar Bergman .
6	The inaudible dialogue was annoying .
17	The somber stoicism that all characters except Banderas ' showed made me think they were drugged .
9	I think the director ruined it for me .
16	This movie is a good example of how to ruin a book in 109 minutes .
17	Except for the names of the characters the movie bears very little resemblance to the book .
20	A book full of strong Latino characters and they are represent , for the most part , by non-Latinos .
20	There is no character development in the movie and we have no reason to love or hate the characters .
9	And to delete a complete generation is inexcusable .
16	Isabel Allende has written a powerful book and the book is what should be read !
38	I read the novel some years ago and I liked it a lot . when I saw the movie I could not believe it ... They changed everything I liked about the novel , even the plot .
22	I wonder what did Isabel Allende ( author ) say about the movie , but I think it sucks ! ! !
19	For the first couple of seasons , I thought The Apprentice was a highly engaging and exciting show .
33	The combination between reality TV and a 16 week job-interview was innovative , and the producers of the show managed to keep the show relevant and not too " out there " .
24	The new season 6 is nothing more than a big joke and it has absolutely nothing to do with business - at all .
33	The boardroom can be entertaining to watch , but it 's entertainment at it 's low-point - Sometimes you wonder if you are watching a repeat of an old Jerry Springer episode .
29	The tasks on the show are , at most , boring and mostly a showcase for the companies who are dumb enough to pay NBC for the publicity .
17	And what is the deal about half of the contestants living in tents in season 6 ?
15	That is just plain stupid and has nothing to do with business in real-life .
21	I have absolutely NO respect for any of the contestants this season , they all seem like idiots to me .
33	In earlier seasons at least some of the contestants had a bit of integrity , now it seems like the contestants would kill their own mother to keep them on the show .
41	It also seems like Donald Trump 's massive ego becomes bigger and bigger for every season that pass by and to be honest , I can not see why anyone with a common sense would want to work for him .
29	His rationality in the boardroom mostly does not make any sense at all and sometimes it seems he just like to trash people for what it 's worth .
5	R.I. P The Apprentice .
19	Please NBC , for God 's sake , get the show off the air as soon as possible .
8	It 's just too embarrassing to watch .
18	The Apprentice was once a great TV-show , but now it 's just a big fat joke .
14	This movie is not only poorly scripted and directed but is simply distasteful .
10	A beautiful novel is terribly misrepresented in this film .
15	Many changes have been made to the storyline , presumably to streamline the timeframe .
7	But what results is simply confusing .
18	The acting can not possibly overcome the script which removes the characters ' motives for their behavior .
19	Plus , the conversion to English does not work when everyone refers to the patriarch EsTEban as ESteban .
2	Horrible .
13	Please please please read the gorgeous novel , in Spanish if possible .
6	Do not SEE THIS FILM .
12	It will ruin for you what could be a wonderful experience .
18	We all know a movie never does complete justice to the book , but this is exceptional .
31	Important characters were cut out , Blanca and Alba were essentially mushed into the same character , most of the subplots and major elements of the main plot were eliminated .
27	Clara 's clairvoyance was extremely downplayed , making her seem like a much more shallow character than the one I got to know in the book .
34	In the book we learn more about her powers and the important effects she had on so many people , which in turn was a key element in the life of the family .
12	In the movie she was no more than some special lady .
34	One of the most fundamental things about the book that the film is all but stripped of : this is called " The House of the Spirits . " Where is the house ?
32	The story of 3-4 generations of a family is supposed to revolve around the " big house on the corner , " a line stated so many times in the novel .
19	The house in fundamental to the story , but the movie unjustly relegates it to a mere backdrop .
32	If I had not read the book before , I would have never guessed that such a sappy , shallow movie could be based on such a rich and entertaining novel .
11	" The house of the spirits " is quite awful .
49	I live in South America , in a country that suffered a military dictatorship just like the one the movie tries to describe , and even though everyone knows movies may be far far away from reality , this particular movie treats viewers as both ignorant and stupid .
32	Things are not so simple and linear as appears here , and of course political process are much more complicated and interesting that the plot in " The house ... " .
18	If you can not show that complexity on screen is better not making a movie at all .
21	There are a lot of examples of how can politics be seriously taken in cinema , without so many commonplaces .
16	In some parts I felt that Carmen Miranda may appear within parrots and palm trees .
20	When you talk about certain things you must be not only careful but respectful to your public 's intelligence .
19	This film may have been the biggest let-down I have experienced in renting movies based on IMDb reviews .
12	Overall , I simply found this to be a second-rate movie .
18	Leslie Cheung is certainly passable as the antihero and Ma Wu handles his character with cheerful competence .
26	On the other hand , Ma Wu 's makeup ( facial hair ) is so obviously phony that I simply could not take him seriously .
18	He looked like an overweight teenager dressed up for Halloween , complete with the $4.95 stick-on beard .
18	The special effects were so-so , though the " undead " in the cellar were pretty good .
39	The tree-tongue looked like something from a bad 1950s monster flick , though the POV shots from the tongue 's view more closely resembled Sam Raimi 's trademark shots in the more recent " Evil Dead " trilogy .
9	There was no suspense and no plot twists .
29	In fact , you know right away as you are introduced to the characters who is good , who is bad , and who is going to survive .
17	I just returned this film to Netflix and then I sat down to write this review .
12	The very first thing I did was check the production date .
14	Yep , it says 1987...not the 1967 that I thought it might be .
19	And that pretty much sums it up : The production values and FX are typical of the 1960s .
26	The plot and action seem much older , as Hollywood was actually producing some interesting and challenging films in the 60s . ** out of *****
21	This movie is not as good as all think . the actors are lowlevel and the story is very comic-like .
35	I respect fantasy but Lord of the Rings is fantasy ... Conan . . is fantasy ... THIS IS JUST NORMAL HK-LOWPRICE-ENTERTAINMENT ... Why did they include this Splatter-tongue , it makes everything worse .
13	The only good thing is the cinematography and the cutter 's Job .
16	' Utter Crap ' pretty well sums up what this .... " movie " was .
19	I 'd rather examine the colon of an African elephant with a penlight than sit through this again .
26	I think I have wasted enough time watching this " movie " - I do not need to waste more by commenting on it further ......
21	This short spoof can be found on Elite 's Millennium Edition DVD of " Night of the Living Dead " .
20	Good thing to as I would have never went even a tad out of my way to see it .
13	Replacing zombies with bread sounds just like silly harmless fun on paper .
9	In execution , it 's a different matter .
11	This short did not even elicit a chuckle from me .
4	My Grade : F
15	Predictable parody , just about failed to impress throughout it 's looooooong eight minutes .
18	The only thing that made it worthwhile was the DO NOT COLORIZE line at the end credits .
28	Shame something more entertaining was not put on the DVD , like Jonathan Ross ' enjoyable profile of Romero on ' The Incredible Strange Film Show . '
24	With the exception of about 10 sublime minutes with HB Warner on the celestial train , this was 94 minutes of jaw-dropping horribleness !
15	The acting was atrocious , but the story is what I really found appalling .
30	The acting was wooden and stilted , even by early talkies standards ( the exceptions being Lee Tracy and HB Warner , neither of whom can do wrong ) .
29	Rose Hobart was absolutely horrid and lifeless as Julie ( as she likewise was in 1932 's Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde , an otherwise excellent flick ) .
18	And the rest of the cast was worse , there being no words to describe their awfulness .
11	Worse than the acting , however , was the story .
21	For some unknown reason , Julie loves Liliom , a cad and user of women with no redeeming qualities whatsoever .
28	He marries Julie but does not support her , instead lying in bed all day or hanging out with his low-life criminal pal ( Lee Tracy ) .
21	And , oh yeah , he never has a kind word to say to Julie and he regularly beats her .
20	Julie loves him nonetheless and continually makes excuses for him , which only seems to make him more abusive .
18	What 's even sicker is that this movie presents this story to us as a love story .
17	Somehow we are supposed to see Julie as a noble character whose pure love redeems Liliom .
2	WTF ?
36	The last 1/3 of this movie takes place after Liliom has killed himself ( a robbery plot goes awry and Liliom plunges a knife into himself rather than being taken in by the police ) .
10	The price for this is 10 years in hell .
18	After 10 years , Liliom is allowed one day on earth to see his now 10-yr-old daughter .
5	So he slaps her .
2	He .
2	Slaps .
2	Her .
9	And then he disappears back to the afterlife .
12	Looking on , we see his daughter tell Julie about this .
16	The girl says the slap did not hurt , that it felt like a kiss .
11	This is supposed to be the movie 's magical moment .
2	BLECH !
33	There was one saving grace to this film , and that is the interview between the Chief Magistrate ( HB Warner was truly magnificent here ) and Liliom on the celestial train .
19	The Magistrate had some very profound things to say to Liliom about life and second chances and death .
14	This scene alone made me bump this rating from 1 to 2 stars .
25	By the way , this story has apparently been filmed many times both as " Liliom " and as the musical " Carousel . "
11	Besides being boring , the scenes were oppressive and dark .
17	The movie tried to portray some kind of moral , but fell flat with its message .
7	What were the redeeming qualities ? ?
21	On top of that , I do not think it could make librarians look any more unglamorous than it did .
8	Truly terrible , pretentious , endless film .
23	Director Bellocchio seems to be infatuated with the pretty face and figure of his actress Detmers - and who can blame him ?
23	But maybe , just maybe , he should have focused his attention a little more on making a good , engaging film .
22	I hate it when a sex film poses as an " art film " just to become more " respectable " .
17	The frequent , occasionally hot sex scenes are the only reason for this movie 's existence .
23	Whether or not they are worth sitting through the rest of the picture is strictly a matter of taste . ( * )
14	I saw this " hot " movie when it came out in 1986 .
27	It had a X rating for a brief scene involving oral sex but played in mainstream theatres ( it was an " art " film ) .
18	Supposedly it 's the first film to ever show a respected actress in an explicit sex scene .
30	What I saw was a boring tale about a high school boy ( Federico Pitzalis ) in love ( understandably ) with an older woman ( Maruschka Detmers ) .
22	As has been mentioned before Detmers is very beautiful with a good body BUT she also gave a very good performance .
11	Pitzalis was ( to put it mildly ) pretty poor .
10	It 's no wonder he never made another movie .
27	Still , despite the infamous sex scene ( which is explicit but pretty brief ) , this a slow moving dull story which bored me silly .
12	The good acting by Detmers only helped to a certain point .
14	Mostly I was looking at my watch waiting patiently for it to end .
16	If it did not have that sequence this movie would have been forgotten long ago .
4	Dull and slow .
6	You can skip this one .
11	This Italian movie is basically a soap opera with skin .
44	The VHS box said it was rated " R " but the into on the actual tape inside said it was " X. " The latter makes a lot more sense because there is a short scene near the end that was shocking .
32	Even in the dark , you could see Dutch actress Marishcka Detmers performing all sex on this guy - and , yes , you could see his penis in her mouth .
23	I read somewhere that this was the first time where a " mainline actress " had done something like this on screen .
19	Detmers parades around in the nude on several scenes but her face was even better than her body .
4	She looked beautiful .
21	Unfortunately , the movie is ugly .... a real waste of time and certainly not recommended despite Detmers ' looks .
18	A so common horror story about a luxury building at Brooklyn which hides the gates to hell .
39	What it 's more surprising from this film is the cast : it is full of great names of American cinema ( Burguess , Gardner , Wallach ) , veteran actors acting for food ( I guess ) .
10	Verdict : barely entertaining . * My rate : 4/10
15	Universal 's answer to " The Exorcist " is not a very good one .
24	Unfortunately , the film offers bland , unimaginative direction from Michael Winner who wastes an outstanding cast with a screenplay massing crater-sized plot-holes .
17	Not to mention , it 's unbearably silly never explaining certain key elements within the story .
31	Model Cristina Raines moves into a high-rise owned by the Catholic Church with a creepy , blind priest John Carradine , who holes up in there always at the window .
9	She begins to suffer faint spells and nausea .
32	What 's worse is tenants she meets in the building such as Burgess Meredith ( with a cat and a canary ! ) and a young Beverly D'Angelo as a lesbian .
17	Ava Gardner ( looking great at 55 ) is the Realtor who showed Raines the place .
22	Cristina 's lover is Chris Sarandon , whose wife " committed suicide " after finding out they were having an affair .
38	José Ferrer has a small role as the " Priest of the Brotherhood " who informs Monsignor Arthur Kennedy to be careful as he heads to the very high-rise not only housing Carradine but Raines as well .
30	Sarandon sends a hired-hand up to the high-rise one night to check out a certain room above Cristina 's apartment where she heard metallic clanging and other loud racket .
19	He winds up dead the very same night Cristina " kills " her DEAD father in a nightmare .
31	That case is really a motivating factor is Wallach 's dogged approach to finding out whose blood was really on Cristina and if Sarandon has anything to do with it .
11	What bothers me more than anything is lack of explanation .
24	Towards the end of the film Wallach and Walken are forgotten and we are left wondering why they just up and quit investigating .
9	Their characters are just left on the back-burner .
43	How the priests know that " now is the time " when a certain man will die and must be replaced to guard a certain gate in that high-rise and why Cristina suffers through the trauma she does is not adequately explained .
34	How certain ghosts just appear to Cristina and disappear when she tries to show Gardner the rooms they occupied during a cat 's birthday ( see for yourself ) is not adequately explained .
31	Not to mention Gardner 's role in the grand scheme of things . . she brings people to that high-rise , but what is really her reasons in the film ?
29	It seems like this film should 've been longer and cleared things up left lost to a rushed conclusion that is just laughable when it should be scary .
47	If this is all the Watchowski 's have to offer in terms of a back story to the Matrix , than I really have to question the claims of all of the fans who believe that the movies are intended to register on a deeper level .
16	The second renaissance , while visually stunning & beautiful is , story-wise cliched & ludicrous .
28	How many times have we heard the story of humans relying too much on technology , humans all-too eager to make war , humans basically destroying themselves ?
6	There is nothing new here .
6	And I have another question .
19	Considering the plot of the second renaissance , does not that make the machines the good guys ? !
12	The machines are oppressed for generations by their cruel human overmasters .
35	They fight back , win their freedom and seek to establish a peaceful harmonious coexistence with the humans , who reject them in favor of all-out war , which the cleverer machines naturally win .
23	If this is the back-story , then we should not be rooting for Neo , we should be rooting for the machines !
18	The humans were cruel and oppressive , while the machines were courageous and attepted to be compassionate .
38	Since I do not believe that the Watchowski 's intend for us to favor the machines over the humans , I have to believe that the Second Renaissance was simply a misguided attempt @ creating a back-story .
21	An actress making a movie in Africa is kidnapped and taken into the jungle where she is held for ransom .
12	The producer hires some one to go and bring her back .
24	Complicating everything are the cannibals in the jungle who worship a really ugly looking " god " who likes to eat naked women .
7	This is a gory sleazy movie .
17	There is copious amounts of nudity and violence , not to mention violence against nude people .
31	Its an exploitation film designed to appeal to the deepest darkest parts of our being , and if the movie was not so boring this film would be a classic .
24	Lets face it , despite the gore , the nasty sex and abuse , and the ugly monster this movie is a snoozer .
12	The pacing is all off kilter and it puts you out .
24	There are multiple plot lines that all seem to be happening separately from each other , even though its ultimately all one story .
10	Worst of all , almost no one says anything .
22	Most of the minimal dialog concerns the cruelty or one characters protestations that " I will do what I want " .
28	Its such a quiet and dull movie that if it were not for the frequent screams of the victims I 'd recommend this as a sleep aide .
19	The Second Renaissance , part 1 let us us show how the machines first revolted against the humans .
43	It all starts of with a single case , in which the machines claim that they have a right to live as well , while the humans state a robot is something they own and therefore can do anything with they want .
25	Although an interesting premise , the story gets really silly from then on with ( violent ! ) riots between the robots and mankind .
21	Somehow it does not seem right , as another reviewer points it , it 's all a little too clever .
22	The animatrix stories that stay close to the core of the matrix ( in particular Osiris ) work for the best .
20	As for Second Renaissance Part 1 , I 'd say it 's too violent and too silly . 4/10 .
49	Burke has unwittingly unleashed a deadly evil force which is in the mood for some killing & no-one is safe ... Directed by Renny Harlin I thought Prison was a poor late 80 's horror flick that seemed to forget about the small point of having a story .
29	To be honest I could not really give you a plot synopsis as the film does not have a rigid story which it follows all the way through .
45	The character 's are dull & forgettable , the murders are few & far between , the pacing is way off , the whole film is a mess & even ghosts can not shoot straight when it comes to trying to shoot the hero .
21	A less than satisfactory way to spend 100 odd minutes , there really are better things you could be doing .
40	Director Harlin 's full American flick debut he does a good job & there is a decent atmosphere but after over an hour of constant drab , dull , dark prison cells & corridors I started to get bored .
18	I just think the look of the film is far too repetitive , bland & frankly lifeless .
22	Other than that there is a burnt corpse & a mangled body which falls from the ceiling & very little else .
49	There is a scene when the Warden burns all the prisoner mattresses in front of them & then makes them stand all night in their underwear in the yard , I was watching this scene & thought that you 'd never get away with doing something like that .
46	Over here prisoners have rights & if the Warden did something like that there would be a national outcry from all those humanitarians & every prisoner would sue the Warden , the prison service & the Government for everything they had & they 'd win !
17	Prison was actually shot in a real Wyoming state prison so it certainly looks the business .
14	This solid little horror film is actually one of Renny Harlin 's best .
29	The story is pretty routine stuff , but the atmosphere is what really makes it come alive ; in fact , the ghost story is almost an afterthought .
13	For anyone craving a remake of 1989 's Slaves of New York .
8	What are there , seven of you ?
6	Here it is ... was .
24	This undercooked movie has studiously vapid characters ( Well they are club-kids , ya big jerk ! ) that are in holding patterns .
17	The big question seems to be , just how long can a young adult remain juvenile ?
11	It took three people to write this ' story ' ?
13	Good god , it was easier to come up with Citizen Kane .
21	Rather than take viewers back , this movie should just embarrass anyone who was a scene-ster in the early 90s .
30	The idea that a fifty year old woman envies a bunch of self-absorbed kids from a different era is the world as only self-absorbed , twenty-somethings could imagine it .
25	The odd sidebar about library work is not the sub-plot one expects from the equivalent of Parker Posey 's Breakin 2 : Electric Bugaloo .
19	Her " I am serious about graduate school ! " while a stripper grinds on her is hysterical .
16	Posey 's shtick is always amusing , but there are projects that are beneath her .
11	I was asleep before it crossed the 40 minute mark .
35	A huge hit upon release with Australian audiences , it can still be funny today , but its over-the-top political incorrectness and blunt , unsubtle humour can make it a bit of a cringer .
33	It goes on far too long ; some of the content could have been saved for the sequel , Barry McKenzie Holds His Own , which desperately needed some new stuff anyway .
19	Granted , his ocker Aussie attitude is funny , but also becomes annoying as the film drags on .
21	Some say Crocker 's songs are the best bits , and they are certainly original , but " hilarious " ?
3	Rating : 5/10
13	Looked forward to viewing this film and seeing these great actors perform .
17	However , I was sadly disappointed in the script and the entire plot of the story .
35	David Duchovny , ( Dr. Eugene Sands ) , " Connie & Carla " , ' 04 , was the doctor in the story who uses drugs and losses his license to practice medicine .
48	Dr. Sands was visiting a night club and was able to use his medical experience to help a wounded customer and was assisted by Angelina Jolie , ( Claire ) , " Taking Lives " , ' 04 , who immediately becomes attracted to Dr. David Sands .
31	Timothy Hutton , ( Raymond Blossom ) , " Kinsey " , ' 04 , plays the Big Shot Gangster and a man with all kinds of money and connections .
28	Timothy Hutton seems to over act in most of the scenes and goes completely out of his mind trying to keep his gang members from being killed .
34	Gary Dourdan , ( Yates ) , " CSI-Vegas TV Series " , plays a great supporting role and portrays a real COOL DUDE who is a so-called body guard for Raymond Blossom .
23	Angelina Jolie looks beautiful and sexy with her ruby red lips which draws a great deal of attention from all the men .
12	This film is not the greatest , but it does entertain .
15	Cool idea ... botched writing , botched directing , botched editing , botched acting .
22	Sorta makes me wish I could play God and strike everyone involved in making this film with several bolts of lightning .
2	Wow .
15	I thought this might be insipid but it was even worse than I imagined !
35	Sometimes I like to watch a good " car-crash " movie : those that are so bad that you can not look away because you want to see how bad they can possibly get .
16	This is really the only reason I could leave the television on - morbid fascination .
39	It was not so much the acting , which was only mediocre or slightly worse than one would expect from this cast , but the premise and the plot which never should have seen the light of day .
8	The script , too , is groan-inducing .
32	As for cinematography , did anyone else notice that they used a " curtains drawing " segue device , like in an old 50 's TV show ... but without irony ?
24	At first I thought they must be kidding but the movie takes itself too seriously to have used this in a tongue-in-cheek manner .
21	Do not even ask me about the score ... the only high point is the final song , by Morcheeba .
22	I guess they wanted to leave people with something for their $8...glad I saw it on TV ! ! ! ! !
3	Just silly !
16	I wonder if this is why Timothy Hutton has had trouble finding much work recently ?
37	I guess if you do not expect much , and want to watch a mindless thriller , it would be better than spending an evening clipping your toenails , which is why it merits a 2 .
37	It 's hard to believe that in 1997 David Duchovny was at the top of his fame , with X-Files , one of the best sci-fi series ever , being at the top of the glory .
21	Nine years later he is almost forgotten , and his tentatives to make it on the big screen failed miserably .
33	I can not even explain why , he is a fair actor , but probably his moment of fame cast him in a eternal role that takes big talent to break from .
33	At the same time Angelina Jolie was much less known , and she was really lucky that a film like ' Playing God ' did not led her career into a dead-end .
32	Fortunately for her , ' The Bone Collector ' and ' Girl , Interrupted ' were waiting beyond the corner , and when Lara Croft came , her career was launched .
12	There is not too much to be told about this film .
18	It 's the only big screen film of Andy Wilson , and there must be a reason .
38	All is banal and most of what happens on the screen expected in this story of an ex-doctor who saves the life of a shooting victim in a bar only to find himself working for the mob .
22	The off-screen voice is especially bad , with a moralistic text that kills any shade of cinematographic experience from the film .
17	You probably will not meet the film but in DVD rental stores , or on TV .
7	Try to look for something better .
16	Not even Timothy Hutton or David Duchovny could save this dead fish of a film .
34	Cheesy lines , big bad wipes from scene to scene ( Come on -- who uses wipes after 12th Grade Telecommunications class ? ) , and plain old bad acting sink this film .
15	Even Duchovny is not immune to the bad acting plague that is this film .
10	Only Timothy Hutton rises above the material at all .
17	I must admit feeling Duchovny 's pain as he read the lines that are the voice-over .
5	Avoid at all costs .
6	Cheesy script , cheesy one-liners .
12	Timothy Hutton 's performance a " little " over the top .
13	David Duchovny still seemed to be stuck in his Fox Mulder mode .
8	No chemistry with his large-lipped female co-star .
7	He needs Gillian Anderson to shine .
12	He does not seem to have any talent of his own .
24	This film is a joke and Quinton should be ashamed of himself , trying to pass this off as a Modesty Blaise Film .
13	If you are having trouble sleeping then all means rent this film .
26	The stick figure they call a actress who is suppose to be Modesty Blaise has got to be the most boring person on this planet .
32	Maybe she could be used as a hat stand in the back ground of a real film . seventy-five minutes of nothing thank you who ever invented the fast forward button .
16	If you see this film if you can call it that coming your way RUN .
39	This is what happens when you are living in China and the local video store is running thin on English-language titles  you are blessed with this work of what appears to be , yes , Romanian cinema .
11	Nevertheless , I think that it has real comedic potential .
39	Spoilers technically follow : Though I do not think that it would in fact spoil anyone 's viewing pleasure to ask why a film set in a casino has a scene of beach archery , even in flashback .
24	That mystery , and many other conundrums , remain to be exploited by desperate comedians , perhaps when they are stuck in Bucharest .
19	Let me also wonder aloud why perfectly good-looking people allow themselves to abuse themselves on film like this .
4	It 's sad .
9	Oh my god , what a horrible film .
16	The film has all the right people involved , unfortunately it is not worth watching .
10	I saw it for free at my local library .
14	If I had paid to watch this I would be even more upset .
5	This film is unwatchable .
14	How could Tarintino be involved with such a slow paced , unexciting film .
17	No wonder it did not get much distribution , every one involved must have been ashamed .
15	I can make a better film with a Dated Camcorder and my Big toe .
9	Its beyond boring , I really hated it .
9	Tarintino just lost some standing in my eyes .
9	This must be some kind of sick joke .
7	Do not Bother with this film .
13	If some one even hints you should watch it , kill them .
38	Me neither , but this flick is unfortunately one of those movies that are too bad to be good and too good to be awful , which makes it utterly pointless and a total waste of time .
27	There is nothing more uninteresting than a mediocre movie , and My Name is Modesty : Whatever the subtitle is takes mediocrity to a new level .
17	It 's full of B-actors but is not any fun whatsoever because it takes itself seriously .
20	It sets itself up as a thriller but then turns into some kind of growing-up drama , flashback style .
23	The beautiful Alexandra Staden , smothered beyond recognition under makeup , more resembles a cast member from Top Model than Modesty Blaise .
45	I am not one of those die-hard comic book freaks who wants every adaptation of his precious " graphic novels " to be pitch-perfect - in fact I have never even read Modesty Blaise - all I wanted was a decent movie to watch .
6	But this was not it .
18	The film feels half-finished , with a weak and very unexciting conclusion to a rather weak plot .
38	It also takes its audience for idiots , explaining every tiny detail of the plot to us and showing flashbacks of things that happened three scenes ago ( I guess they think we all have Alzheimers ) .
37	I loved From Dusk Till Dawn 2 because it brought everything a bad B-movie should bring to the table - nudity , gore , guns , you name it . " Modesty " is just dull .
10	The flashback concerning Modesty 's life is not interesting .
11	The acting is not bad enough to be laughed at .
23	In fact , I kinda liked Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau's ( hey buddy , pseudonyms are your friends ! ) performance as the baddie .
7	So overall it 's just lame .
2	Weak .
2	Uninspired .
6	Call it what you will .
11	Do not watch anything because Tarantino presents it , people .
20	This is just a very forgettable , half-hearted thriller , and it never tries to be more than that .
33	Allow me to round off this review with a very lame pun ( seriously , even I am cringing ) : My Name Is Modesty : A Modesty Waste of Time - 4/10
14	I cheer for films that fill in subject matter gaps in world cinema .
30	Marie is slender , reticent and pretty in a tomboyish way ; Floriane is outgoing , athletic and beautiful ; and Anne is loyal , pudgy and behaviorally immature .
17	It also proves that screenwriters and film-makers mar their own creations when they become too manipulative .
48	In the extra features on the " Lord of the Flies " DVD , director Peter Brook says , " French cynicism starts with the arousal of sex , " meaning the French regard children as angels while they regard adolescents and adults with a pervasive cynicism .
35	Part of the downfall of this film is film-maker Celine Sciamma has gulped a mighty dose of this cynicism . " Where is the joy ? " I asked myself while watching this film .
26	Yes , first love can be painful and frustrating , but it can also be joyful and triumphantly erotic in a fresh , life-affirming way .
14	These positive aspects are missing from this movie ; there is no balance .
14	Organically , this movie wants to be a poignant celebration of first love .
16	But Sciamma is too impressed with her own cynicism and cleverness and ruins the film .
14	First , what is the point of showing only the plump girl nude ?
14	There is a scene in a club where Floriane and Marie are dancing .
20	What follows next is not just Floriane cynically manipulating Marie ; it is film-maker Sciamma cynically manipulating her audience .
22	The three main actresses are promising and , if they find better vehicles for their talents , may become excellent actors .
23	Louise Blachere ( Anne ) is the best actress in terms of technique and could have a successful career in supporting roles .
18	Adele Haenel ( Floriane ) could become a leading lady , or a bombshell , or both .
14	Pauline Acquart ( Marie ) possesses an intensity and magnetism which are unmistakable .
29	In the future , she could play everything from an emotionally crippled librarian to a mysteriously sensual seductress to a reluctant politician riding a meteoric rise in acclaim .
12	All in all , " Water Lilies " was very disappointing .
17	Will an honest film-maker please make an authentic movie about two young women falling in love !
29	No - not necessarily for the sake of this middle-aged guy - but so young lesbian girls can have something of quality they can watch and identify with .
13	And yes , to fill a subject matter gap in world cinema .
29	The film My Name is Modesty is based around an episode that takes up about one page in the 10th modesty Blaise novel called Night of the Morningstar .
31	It describes an incident in which the young Modesty ( 17 in the book , mid twenties in the film ) asserts her leadership in a war over a casino .
20	As this is set before the actual Blaise adventures her trusted sidekick Willi Garvin is not in the film .
32	That is one of the main problems as the relationship between Blaise and Garvin was certainly always one of the fascinating aspects of the novels and the long running comic strip .
26	The other problem is that the film is quite simply incredibly boring because it really is just one small episode blown up into a screenplay .
27	The casting is okay but Alexandra Staden is not really convincing as the heroine and actually too old for the role to play the young Modesty .
24	I get the impression that this film was a quick and dirty solution as not to lose the rights to the Blaise franchise .
19	My Name is Modesty is a low-budget film that tells the story of the origins of Modesty Blaise .
21	It 's not that the movie is terrible , it 's just not what I was expecting or hoping for .
40	While I have been aware of the Modesty Blaise character for years , I am not overly familiar with the comic strips or the graphic novels , so I am coming into this movie as something as an outsider .
11	That may be part of the reason for my disappointment .
9	I was expecting more action and more comedy .
6	The film is dialogue driven .
14	I suppose I was looking for something with a little more camp value .
14	As it is , My Name is Modesty is a deathly serious film .
13	There are very few , if any , " light " moments .
15	The acting , at least from Alexandra Staden , is acceptable but nothing outstanding .
21	As others have commented , she does appear a little too frail to be completely believable in the title role .
18	What action scenes there are in My Name is Modesty are one of the films weakest points .
17	I never bought into the notion that this woman could handle a band of trained killers .
22	I really hope Quentin Tarantino goes ahead and makes the rumored a big budget film based on the Modesty Blaise character .
20	I am convinced the concept has a lot of potential and I would very much look forward to it .
24	I have grown up reading Modesty Blaise , both the comics and the books , and she truly is a heroine to me .
44	Although not being a great fan of Quentin Tarantino I anyway was interested to hear a few years back that he was considering making a film of her : could he finally give Modesty a nice big screen treatment she 's worthy of ?
39	So I decided not to read any reviews and see the film instead , and well , I just finished watching it , and I am stunned , and sad , and yeah , pretty furious , too .
35	Sad and furious of giving over an hour of my time seeing something so fabulous as Modesty Blaise-character being turned into a film that has nothing to give to a viewer or a fan .
35	It seems that almost everything about this film is sub-par and unprofessional , although I must admit seeing some actors in other films earlier where they were fine so I can not blame them .
31	But the screenplay and the directing ... my god , why even make this kind of crap with production values slightly bigger than your average TV-film but done much worse ?
49	I do not know the background of this film and actually I really do not want to know , but I just can not help wondering that how on earth could Tarantino with a straight face tell that he loves Modesty and then put his name on this ?
12	He just lost a huge amount of respect in my eyes .
21	The director was not the right man for this job and I can honestly thank him for ruining my night .
23	I give this film 3 stars and those stars go to the actors and the technical quality which could 've been worse .
14	The other seven stars missing are what this film was not good at .
32	Oh well , hopefully at some point there will be a serious production of The Modesty Blaise Movie that has some other goals than to steal money from the Modesty fans .
18	Although if people like Tarantino are the ones making the decisions I am not holding my breath .
8	In the Comic , Modesty is strong .
14	Alexandra Staden who plays Modesty Blaise looks more like an anorectic fashion model .
16	She does not either have the moral or personality that Modesty have in the comics .
17	Modesty would never give a woman an advice to show more skin to earn more money .
16	I can not see any similarities with my comic books with Modesty and this movie .
46	Its like a Mission Impossible movie would be about Ethan Hunt locked in the detention room in high school talking with the janitor about when he went to junior high school and Hunt would have been played by DJ Qualls ( in Road Trip ) .
18	Soo if you are an Modesty fan do not see the movie you will just get angry .
22	If do not know much about the Modesty comics rent an other movie do not wast your time with this one .
14	I can not understand how Quentin Tarantino can put his name on it .
13	I will ask for a refund at my DVD rent store tomorrow .
27	This is not the video nastie , but only because it came out in 1994 when they were presumably tired of the whole thing in Britain .
24	It is 75 % a rehash of The Boogeyman , and would have been banned for the same reason - whatever that was .
40	I was initially confused as I thought that Annie ( Kelly Galindo ) may have been a different Lacey , but she was someone trouble by psychic visions of a boogeyman similar to the one in the first film .
12	Fans will immediately note that they are not the same person .
18	Of course , we have no idea who this boobilicious woman is or why she was murdered .
24	Then the movie shift to a rerunning of The Boogeyman story with some extra footage that we did not see in the original .
10	Notably , the boogeyman is shown unlike the original .
18	Sadly , some of the good scenes were cut , but 90 % of it is there .
5	Why rerun this film ?
9	Did they find the footage in the trash ?
5	What was the purpose ?
24	We will never know and , despite the psychologist telling Annie she is cured , we all know the bogeyman will never die .
16	I got a DVD of " Bogeyman " and this stunker was an extra feature .
17	I assumed that it was " Boogeyman II " because it was paired with the original .
25	While watching " Return of the Boogeyman , " I decided to stick around through the original footage to see the notorious death-by-toothbrush scene .
10	Before I knew it , the film was over .
2	Rip-off .
22	I think that I thought this was BII because this has a similar title to one of BII 's alternate titles .
14	Oh well , at least this was just an extra feature , right ?
16	Let me stop talking about my mistake and start talking about the movie 's mistakes .
6	Many , many , mistakes .
10	Who does this guy Ulli Whatever think he is ?
13	Does he really think the same movie will sell in different forms .
9	There is nothing original holding Part III up .
27	It is basically a flashback of the original through the eyes of a psychic , who is giving us a gruelingly boring play-by-play as everything happens .
5	That 's the movie .
18	Oh , and one death-by-stereo scene , but you can read that off someone else 's review .
11	My interest in " Boogeyman II " is forever lost .
16	Final Note : This is not a series of films to watch back to back .
31	I was previously unaware that in the early 1990 's Devry University ( or was it ITT Tech ? ) added Film to its wonderful repertoire of technical degree programs .
13	Well this movie must have been the product of the class valedictorian .
24	My friend and I rented the original 1980 Boogeyman on my Netflix and this movie was on the flip side of the DVD .
9	Do not waste your time with this movie .
4	Awful awful awful .
14	The filmmaker adds 2 main character 's , a woman and her therapist .
18	The woman has been having dreams about the Boogeyman and his victim 's from the first film .
13	Over 50 % of this film is stock from the original movie .
22	The rest of the movie is the main character having the bad dreams while her therapist drones on a the narrator .
13	These scenes are shot through a filter so thick the characters glow .
10	They would make Angela Lansbury look 25 years old .
7	So , to recap , awful .
6	Do not watch this movie .
29	Ulli Lommel 's 1980 film ' The Boogey Man ' is no classic , but it 's an above average low budget chiller that 's worth a look .
34	The sequel , 1983s ' Boogey Man II ' is ultimately a waste of time , but at the very least it 's an entertaining one if not taken the least bit seriously .
24	Now II left the door open for another sequel , and I for one would not have minded seeing at least one more .
25	Though the opening title is ' Boogey Man 3 , ' this is no sequel to those two far superior films I named above .
6	Well , not totally anyway .
4	Pros : Ha !
5	That 's a laugh .
11	Is there anything good about this hunk of cow dung ?
22	Let us see ... it has footage from ' The Boogey Man ' and , um ... it 's mercifully short .
7	Yeah , that 's about it .
6	Cons : Where to start ?
4	Decisions , decisions .
11	First of all , this movie is a total bore .
16	It goes from one scene to the next without anything remotely interesting or scary happening .
7	The acting is stiff at best .
24	The " actors " are most likely friends of the director who had no acting experience whatsoever before , and probably none since .
9	The plot is nonexistent and script shoddily written .
7	The direction is just plain awful .
30	The director tries to make the film look all artsy fartsy by making the camera move around , lights flicker , and with filters , but it adds nothing .
11	The music is dull and hard to hear in parts .
7	Ties to the original are botched .
11	Suzanna Love 's character was named Lacey , not Natalie !
17	And the events depicted in the beginning of the original did not take place in 1978 .
22	Also , if this has a 3 in the title , why is there no mention of what happened in II ?
16	Finally , this adds nothing new or interesting to either the series or the genre .
18	Final thoughts : The people behind this waste of time and money should be ashamed of themselves .
20	It 's one thing if that had been an original film that was the director 's first and sucked .
28	But instead it 's supposed to be a sequel to film that is no masterpiece , but is damn sure far more interesting and entertaining than this .
45	If there ever is another sequel , which I doubt it , then it needs to forget this one ever happened and be handled either by Lommel himself or someone who has at least some idea of how to make a decent horror film .
4	My rating : 1/5
22	When I ordered this from Blockbuster 's website I had no idea that it would be as terrible as it was .
3	Who knows ?
12	Maybe I 'd forgotten to take my ADD meds that day .
49	I do know that from the moment the cast drove up in their station wagon , donned in their late 70 's - style wide collars , bell-bottoms and feathered hair , I knew that this misplaced gem of the disco era was glory bound for the dumpster .
44	The first foretelling of just how bad things were to be was the narration at the beginning , trying to explain what cosmic forces were at play to wreak havoc upon the universe , forcing polyester and porno-quality music on the would-be viewer .
43	From the opening scene with the poorly-done effects to the " monsters " from another world and then the house which jumps from universe to universe was as achingly painful as watching an elementary school production of ' The Vagina Monologues ' .
20	Throughout the film , the sure sign something was about to happen was when a small ship would appear .
24	The " ship " was comprised suspiciously of what looked like old VCR and camcorder parts and would attack anyone in its path .
26	Moving on ... As the weirdness and bell bottoms continue ... We found out that they are caught in a " Space Time Warp " .
11	How do we garner this little nugget of scientific information ?
42	Because the oldest male lead tells his son that , in a more or less off-the-cuff fashion , like reminiscing about ' how you won the big game ' over a cup of joe or an ice-cold bottle of refreshing Coca-Cola .
5	Was pops a scientist ?
22	Nope , but he knew about horses and has apparently meddled as an amateur in string theory and Einstein 's theories .
11	The recording I watched on DVD was almost bootleg quality .
16	I know some out there love this movie and compare it to other cult classics .
30	I never saw this film on its original release , but even back then I think I would 've come to the same conclusion : bury this one quick .
32	Return of the Boogyman is a dreadful movie which does not play like a movie , it plays like an episode of a TV sitcom when they flashback to older episodes .
10	Return of the Boogyman is just a clip show .
14	Mutch of the film is constant and annoying flashbacks from the first movie .
8	Over and over again the same footage .
5	How boring this is .
16	The movie really is about a psychic woman who has visions of the first movie .
27	I have seen the first movie I do not want to see the same scenes over and over again and I do not know who would .
18	The whole movie looks like it was quickly made to make a few bucks and thats it .
12	I can not believe this film was allowed to be made .
12	These people should be drug out and beat with blunt objects .
5	They should be tortured .
6	This film is an abomination .
10	It 's nothing but footage from the first film .
11	Whatever is original is freaky and makes no sense whatsoever .
9	It 's like some sort of drug hallucination .
13	Like , what 's with the laying on a mirror naked therapy .
33	Also , whatever moron patched together this turd did not even bother to watch the first film , because they kept calling Suzanna Love 's character Natalie , when it 's Lacey .
23	I felt like shouting that at the screen , " It 's LACEY , It 's LACEY ! ! ! ! " .
9	I give it a -50 out of 10 .
6	MY GOD ! ! ! !
27	The ENTIRE MOVIE is flashbacks from the first Boogeyman movie as well as , inexplicably , footage from another Uli Lommel / Suzanna Love film Brainwaves .
26	It is framed with some more current ( from the early 90 's anyway ) footage that is boring , poorly acted and cheaply shot .
18	Not only is the film almost completely flashbacks , they REPEAT the same flashbacks throughout the film .
20	So you see the recycled footage over and over again , as if you had not seen it already .
9	As if the originals were not bad enough .
20	I have never seen a movie so padded .... Someone was milking the last dollar out of these films .
3	Total ripoff .
17	And talk about padding ... why do I have to write 10 lines about this trash ?
17	If I can convey that it 's garbage in 2 lines , that should be enough .
10	Let me just say I loved the original Boogeyman .
20	Sure , it 's a flawed clichéd 80s horror movie , but hey those types are fun to watch !
10	And plus it gave us something a bit different .
36	So I gladly bought it and to my surprise this movie came along with it ( only copy they had actually ) so I thought " Eh , what the hell " and bought it .
3	Mistake #1 .
44	So that night I felt in the mood to watch a movie ( I actually bought tons that day ) and figured this was the shortest out of all the ones I bought so I will just watch this and hit the sack .
3	Mistake #2 .
18	Yes , I have heard how bad it was but I was willing to take a chance .
14	So a few minutes into the movie and there is the first flashback .
8	I think nothing of it at first .
25	Then the new footage with the prediction of the chick in the bathtub and I am kinda liking the direction it 's going in .
50	Then the next flashback which is a bit longer and I am sitting there thinking " Yes I have seen the first Boogeyman ! I know what happens so move along ! " Then the next one comes up and I figure screw it and fast forward through it .
49	Then the final one ( Maybe I fast forwarded through the explanation but why was she lying topless on the mirror ? At least she could 've shown them ! ) and I decide to fast forward through it and then the climax and the movie was over !
2	WTF ?
7	What happened to the prediction stuff ?
17	What happened to the long hair dude ( Did he tap that or what ? ) ?
23	And more importantly what kind of weed was the writer and director smoking when making this awful POS ? ? ! ! !
6	And what was the point ?
13	Was Annie just having flashbacks of what happened in the first movie ?
17	Or was the stuff from the first movie just happening at the same time as this ?
28	The latter could make sense because the stabbing of Pantyhose Face happened in 1978 according to the characters in this movie and it was 15 years later .
9	Wait a minute , no it would not !
8	Did she get around during middle school ?
9	And also why would Pantyhose be after Annie ?
14	What connection does she even have with the characters of the original movie ?
30	And a BIG HUGE MOVIE MISTAKE I found in this movie is that when the doctor is writing in his notebook does anyone notice that he 's just SCRIBBLING ?
7	Wow , how professional , Doc !
15	So , what is the explanation for all of the questions I asked above ?
14	It 's A POINTLESS MOVIE WITH NO THOUGHT PUT INTO IT AT ALL !
38	I will try to find a copy of the original movie that comes with just that movie and that 's it ( Maybe a couple of extra features , any Special Edition of it yet ? ) .
41	Then I will return this DVD and hopefully this review and all the others will prevent those who have not seen it from seeing it thus making movie stores get rid of it and this movie may not exist anymore !
6	Please let that be so !
7	Sorry this review is so long .
12	I am just angry at this movie I had to vent somehow
12	The original Boogeyman was a silly but entertaining supernatural slasher flick .
17	It was by no means a great film but fun in the right frame of mind .
21	The third instalment in this series , Return of the Boogeyman , on the other hand , is simply atrocious .
6	It consists of two things .
8	Firstly , cheap and lifeless new footage .
11	Secondly , LOADS of recycled bits from the first movie .
18	The new material is unbelievably amateurish but not in an amusingly inept way , simply incredibly tedious .
13	This footage has clearly been knocked together quickly and without any effort .
20	It serves as a framing device for the endless clips from the first ( and possibly second ) movies .
21	And boy , do they milk those clips from the earlier films ; sometimes reusing sequences over and over again .
24	The only new addition to these parts is a voice over that pointlessly describes exactly what we can see with our own eyes .
10	The whole experience of watching this is truly mind-numbing .
28	Return of the Boogeyman is an example of the very worst kind of exploitation flick ; the kind that exploits the audience in a highly cynical way .
18	I want to keep this review brief and to the point because this film deserves no more .
9	There is nothing here of value at all .
4	This is worthless .
17	UTTER UTTER UTTER UTTTER unbelievable GARBAGE ! 0/10 if only the voting system would allow that .
30	Hi , May be because I am not a Theater major or a sophisticated movie watcher ... I think this movie is " Boring " and " Dumb " .
37	Also , I was totally surprised to see these high marks on IMDb for this movie ... like I said before I am not as sophisticated as the other folks who commented on this movie earlier .
7	What a dog of a movie .
30	Noni Hazelhurst 's performance is quite good , but it sits amidst a jungle of abhorrent scriptwriting , mediocre direction and wooden acting from the bulk of the cast .
15	Many of the characters are woefully miscast , particularly the ever overrated Colin Friels .
8	Very little works in this pretentious garbage .
26	Much of the " character development " is done through a silly , angst-ridden voice over and frequently completely contradicts the behaviour of characters on-screen .
30	In fact , it 's hard to even figure out who the voice overs are talking about because they describe such different characters to who we see on screen !
23	How are we meant to know Colin Friels ( Javo ) is meant to be an erratic , violent and unreliable junkie ?
9	One of these silly voice overs tells us .
32	For crying out loud , the nature of his character is half the point of the movie and the only thing that lets us know is a flippin ' voice over !
7	The real killer is the characters .
4	Everything about them .
27	Their clothes are perfectly maintained and look fresh from the rack , despite the fact we are constantly reminded they are meant to be artsy paupers .
10	They are all absurdly well-spoken for " junkies " .
29	None seem to have any real comprehension of life on the skids or on smack and yet this is meant to be the case with most of them .
13	Monkey Grip deserves no more attention than a weekday TV movie matinée .
33	Crud like this , perfectly well shot and technically presented , but a cliché-driven angsty drama that shoots so wide of being plausible and meanders about for hours without really going anywhere .
14	At least Noni gets down to her birthday suit at every given opportunity .
11	There is no other sane reason to endure this junk .
18	I really looked forward to seeing Nana after seeing Renoir amazing debut work , Whirlpool of Fate .
18	I had read that Nana was generally considered his best silent film so I had high hopes .
9	Sadly this felt like a huge step backwards .
10	Catherine Hessling is the main problem with this film .
13	Her acting is over the top , even for a silent film .
22	Her acting is more like what one would expect in a film from the early teens , not the late 20s .
21	She usually has the same face , which reminds me ( sorry to say ) of someone with constipation pains .
17	It was also very difficult to believe that any man would fall for this femme fatale .
9	There was nothing charming about her at all .
29	The film was also quite long drawn , the camera work was uninteresting ( aside from a shot of a horse race ) and the editing was dull .
11	The story reminded me of Pabst 's Pandora 's Box .
17	It is interesting to compare the two because there are only 3 years between these films .
12	Pandora 's Box simply scores on every level where Nana fails .
14	This film is only for Renoir completists or very serious silent films buffs .
25	How many fricken ' times do we have to see a spook walking by in the background & peaking through a mirror 's reflection ?
23	It 's been done in two dozen movies in recent memory & four dozen times in this choppy , poorly done film .
20	There were only two freaky moments to appreciate .... when the ghosts invaded the personal spaces of two characters .
24	Speaking of characters , the acting was as flat as the Diet Coke in the 64 oz. cup I was drawing it from .
13	The side characters could have been pulled from various Scooby Doo cartoons .
8	There was the friendly , aged sheriff .
14	There was the kooky weirdo living in the backwoods with the Alabama drawl .
5	Lots'o'characters with no development .
14	The most disturbing image was that of a murdered child in the beginning .
41	But rather than explore the child 's murder , which would have been interesting , they just let us know that she was dead & her parents had a hard time reconciling her death with the community & each other .
24	When they reach the cabin , the scenes rarely flowed together .... with flashing images of the dead daughter interjected here & there .
10	Oh ... and the eerie sounds were also overdone .
22	You know what I mean .... creaking doors that open by themselves , crickets in the forest , yada yada yada .
2	Ooooohhhh .
6	Have not seen that before .
19	Again , you will see the amazing self-opening door in the movie over and over an over again .
23	NOTE TO DIRECTOR : a scary scene is only scary if it 's not repeated every 5 minutes in the same film .
14	Think these things out before calling out " it 's a wrap ! "
35	I saw this when it was in the theater , it started out so strong I mean back in 1980 this was a bold movie and the special effects were excellent AT THE time .
39	Now you would have to of been at least 30 or so in 1980 to really understand this point because studying film historically misses the mind set at the time the expectations , and other related psychological factors .
13	Now as I said the movie was engaging suspenseful and very entertaining .
37	It builds to an excellent climax then .... IT ends I mean the person that described it as having a water balloon break in your hand before throwing it , besides being a very poetic description .
11	In my experience , it was just not strong enough .
13	My wife and I were well ... how can I say this ?
22	For all of the hype about this film , I kept an open mind as to what I would ultimately think .
37	And , although a bit slow at times , the first 90 % of the movie is quite good , with more than a few " old time " scares that make one jumpy and unsettled .
13	I actually thought the cinematography was excellent regarding many of these scenes .
12	Where Dark Remains fails , however , is in its climax .
19	The ending of the film and the denouement are what seems to be MILES APART from its body .
32	The storyline completely falls on its face with an illogical conclusion and , the answer I was seeking most - what REALLY happened to Emma ? - was not elucidated upon !
21	The rationale for the negative energy was ludicrous at best , and in the end , I felt very cheated .
16	What could have been a superb horror film was ultimately haunted by a terrible ending .
15	I think I agree that a lot of the comments here must be fake .
35	Even if the movie is not necessarily bad its definitely below average . " Dark Remains " is basically a Ghost Movie with a premise of your own ghosts and bad emotions haunting you .
18	The movie starts off already with 2 stories loosely inter-webbed which even later are not tied together .
13	A couple loses its child which is found slashed in its bed .
22	They move to a country house to flee their past and guess what ... the house is haunted , kind of .
31	From here on Dark Remains starts off very slow with some scary moments indeed ( The first ghost appearances are nice and the flashlight sequence also worked very good ) .
38	OK , then ... Woman sees ghost of daughter , other ghosts of people died in accidents or suicides appear , man tries to solve secret of houses past , woman gets depressed , strange neighbors appear .
26	Its pretty much all been there , but the premise of it being their own emotions is nice , so you wait for the twist .
44	There is no twist , you are just confused by a haunted house history story , the strange neighbor , a totally pointless creepy prison and the dead daughter thrown together with a photo-idea reminding me a lot of " The shutter " .
48	The end is ridiculous because when you start and end a movie this slow and with piano music its pretty lame to include some hoards of ghosts at once which look like a zombie flick , of course just to return to slow pacing and piano music .
28	To make it short ... Dark Remains could have been a nice scary ghost story if the script was not trying to go everywhere and arriving nowhere .
22	Too many stories mushed together which just do not make any sense and contradict in the basic atmosphere of the movie .
10	And beside ... please never use abandoned prisons again .
31	Its so worn off and in this case it even makes no sense at all . " Hey , there is this creepy prison uphill , lets shoot there " .
17	I guess a lot of ingredients in Dark Remains were thrown in the mix like this .
25	Granted , I am not the connoisseur d'horror my partner is , but a well put together , clever flick is worth the time .
31	My quibbles , in brief : - Dialog often weak and at times unbelievable coming from the given character . - Unconvincing acting . - Storyline never really caught fire .
33	The writers plucked choice bits from half a dozen mainstream films , tossed into a kettle , simmered not nearly enough and tried feeding us poor saps the resulting mess , al'dente .
22	Long and short , while not absolutely terrible , it was definitely not worthy of absorbing one of my NetFlix rentals .
17	DARK REMAINS is a low budget American horror movie that somehow managed to win 2 awards .
9	The plot seems to involve 2 separate strands .
13	First , a woman commits suicide by slashing her wrists whilst bathing .
16	Second , the young daughter of a technical writer is found with her throat slashed .
14	The grieving couple decide to move to an isolated cabin in the mountains .
12	It later transpires that the cabin and surrounding locations are haunted .
20	As the movie goes on , the 2 separate strands of story eventually converge as one might reasonably expect .
20	However , the execution is haphazard and results in confusion that could perhaps only be resolved by multiple viewings .
20	Unfortunately , the movie is simply not enticing enough to attract most viewers into watching it more than once .
16	Just about everything that could go wrong with this movie goes wrong - and fast !
17	And the low budget can not be used to justify all of the shortcomings found here .
24	I believe it would be wrong to pass judgement on the actors involved in this production as the material was simply too poor .
14	The characters are uninteresting as pointed out by other reviewers on this site .
29	The badly written script introduces too many people without giving them interesting dialogue , without creating opportunities for character-driven situations and without adding depth to any of them .
5	The direction is uninspired .
18	The inspiration from J-Horror movies such as RINGU , THE GRUDGE and ONE MISSED CALL is evident .
18	Unfortunately , the directors of DARK REMAINS did not pay close attention to the style of J-Horror .
13	J-Horror works so effectively because it plays on fear of the unknown .
40	Tension is created by constant shifts between a bizarre situation ( a ghost on a CCTV camera walking towards it for example ) , and the reaction of a central character who is faced with it without any warning .
11	There is no humour or tongue-in-cheek element in these movies .
23	Everything is played so straight and without remorse or limitations that you can not help but be convinced and captivated by it .
28	The foreboding atmospheres set up the suspense and ensures the horror has psychological impact , very much unlike the " jump scares " used in Hollywood movies .
20	The directors of DARK REMAINS made a brave attempt to avoid Hollywood clichés and also successfully avoided using CGI .
10	The homage to J-Horror could have been well intended .
23	Unfortunately , the lack of inspiration is likely to make the viewer laugh at the supposed " scares " on the screen .
23	The make-up effects of the " ghosts " were not too bad given the low budget but their actions just defied logic .
13	I was scratching my head quite a few times during this movie .
13	I could not give away the ending even if I wanted to .
7	I simply could not understand it .
13	All I could deduce was that it was something of an anti-climax .
3	What remains ?
15	The answer as a reviewer on a different website has pointed out is boredom .
9	The movie is a chore to sit through .
12	Thankfully , the pain ends after an hour and a half .
12	However , most would probably switch off long before the end .
39	There are only 2 positive things I could find in this movie - the successful avoidance of scare clichés and the absence of the " f-word " in every single sentence like one would normally expect to find .
9	This is what the 2 stars are for .
34	Those who like supernatural or psychological horror relating to ghosts and haunting might do well to stick to movies such as THE LEGEND OF HELL HOUSE , THE CHANGELING or the J-Horror sub-genre .
33	If you think you have seen too many established movies and want to see an obscure ultra-low budget " R-rated " horror movie about ghosts , watch DEATH OF A GHOST HUNTER .
30	It may not be the greatest horror movie ever made but it is surely a lot better than DARK REMAINS and does have a few genuine surprises in store .
11	I advise everyone to avoid DARK REMAINS like the plague .
33	If you have ever seen a movie by Brian Avenet-Bradley and compares it to the feedbacks it gets on IMDb , you know that most of the comments and votes are faked .
8	TRUST ME : you will be bored !
17	People of the production team write their feedback themselves ( sometimes they even admit it ) .
23	But that 's not enough : They also click constantly " no " whenever there is a negative comment on the movie .
13	That 's why negative critics are always placed behind the hyped ones .
22	The movie itself is bad , bad , bad : bad acting , bad lighting , bad script , bad ending .
4	Believe me now !
9	If not , you will believe me later !
10	Brian Avenet-Bradley might be quite a good business man .
39	Otherwise it can not be explained that he finds people who still finance his movies . ( Okay , they are cheap , but nevertheless . ) But as a creative person , he is a complete failure .
19	I am writing this because I somehow felt being led to believe Dark Remains was a good movie .
16	Whilst it 's not the worst I have seen , it certainly is not good .
11	A Weak script , weak actors , and weak directing .
24	Even if they can not afford big name cast , would it be too much to ask for a more attractive lead actress ?
17	It was painful to watch a plain actress through out the film with her dull performance .
9	The story was a cliché and poorly scripted .
6	The special effects were minimal .
13	The " suspense " tricks employed repetitively here were hard to swallow .
20	To be fair , Dark Remains is no worse than quite some of the Masters of Horrors ' episodes .
10	But not quite on par with quality movies yet .
31	Dark Remains is only recommended for the hardcore horror fans who do not want to miss any movie in the genre , even if it 's a poorly made one .
20	As for anyone else , time should be spent on something more valuable - which should be extremely easy .
2	Okay .
17	Look - I have seen LOTS and I do mean LOTS of these types of films .
24	You know , the ones where the DVD cover just look SO good and scaarrryyy that you just cant WAIT to see it ?
7	Well , I got GOT again .
10	And I am getting ' pretty tired of it .
4	But I digress .
5	It 's pretty simple .
13	It sucked ( I know , rather juvenile ) but it did .
31	AndI SO agree with the other poster that if we had to sit through the boring thing , why oh WHY did the lead actress have to be so unnattractive ?
7	Distractingly so if I may add .
20	And the scowl she used convey unresolved pain / grief over the death of her daughter did little help .
6	I mean , Jesus . .
10	Oh , but the crawling-on-her-back-demon thingee was pretty neat ...
6	Give me my money back !
6	Give me my life back !
7	Give me a bit of credit .
6	This movie was vomit worthy .
5	Useless and time consuming .
9	What a waste of energy and totally pointless .
16	Okay I understand the premise and the idea sound but , give us a break !
13	Next time just give me the money and let me spend it .
9	Lost child , mothers remorse , blamed husband !
4	Cliché yes ~ !
4	Get a life !
18	Sorry but this movie was a total waste of my time , my money and my being .
7	I would rather watch eggs cook !
8	No real explanation to why this happened .
2	Prison ?
2	Why ?
6	Loss ? obvious but Why ?
22	Acting deserves a What am I doing here Oscar and the cinematography a Am I just doing this for a Wage ?
7	How much did this movie make ?
8	Well this silly fool hired a copy .
2	Enough said
35	Grieving couple move to a cabin on a mountain after the loss of their daughter , discovering that there may be ghosts haunting the place , restless spirits of past occupants who committed suicide .
35	Julie Pyke ( Cheri Christian ) blames husband Allen ( Greg Thompson ) for the horrible death of their daughter due to leaving the door unlocked and the marriage has deteriorated because of it .
40	Julie remains in a zombie state , eliciting next to no emotion , remote and numb , only photographing a nearby abandoned prison , finding a startling image of a ghoul girl clinging to the bars of a cell .
27	Though Allen does not see anything out of the ordinary , Julie continues to take pictures and we can recognize that something is not quite right .
44	A local handyman , Jim Payne ( Scott Hodges ) , a rather distant fellow who harbors a secret becomes a dangerous threat when it is revealed that his dead mother might have something to do with the haunts occurring to the Pykes .
29	Meanwhile the neighbors who sold the Pykes the cabin find themselves victims as well , alcoholic Mr Booth 's abuse to his wife coming back to haunt him .
21	Allen will conduct an investigation into the history of his cabin , attempting to unravel the mystery about the place .
19	Plenty of ghosts moving about in the background in this somber supernatural tale with practically every character miserable .
25	Cheri Christian remains so vacuous and lost , it 's incredibly hard to connect with her despite the fact that you understand her plight .
23	The acting , as is often mentioned , remains frustrating because none of the characters exactly are easy to latch on to .
36	I guess it 's supposed to be this way , under their circumstances , but the trouble I had was never being able to properly embrace the Pykes due to their constant state of aloofness .
44	Cheri comes off as cold and detached , as I figure a mother would tend to be when you lose a child in such a way , but the icy nature left me pleading inside to embrace her which I just never could .
11	It could 've been me , I do not know .
18	I wanted to care for them , but nothing in the characters tugged on my heart strings .
39	Anyway , as the film continues , Allen slowly uncovers certain truths and must defend himself against his wife who has convinced herself that their daughter is among them and she will not lose her little girl again .
26	Jim , the unstable neighbor who believes that to stop the hauntings plaguing the area he must kill the Pykes , becomes a vital threat .
26	The ghosts remain a central part of the movie , their presence , particularly Jim 's mother , established throughout , off in the distance .
22	The finale reveals all of them as Allen must find help for his wife while trying to thwart Jim 's mission .
20	I had a hard time getting into this one due to my unease with the leads and their characters .
21	Acting was weak , but in a horror flick , I can live with that if the story is good .
4	It was not .
18	The initial event was an clumsy and obvious ploy to exploit most people 's adoration of kids .
4	OK , fine .
16	Fast forward to the " place in the country " where they will recover emotionally .
8	I like the revelation of the ghosts .
26	OK , cool -- this will be a supernatural kinda horror story , with rotting things partly in our world partly in ... where ever .
29	Then the action starts pulling like a three headed dog in a flurry of cats and birds -- Is there an evil force trying to attack them directly ?
22	Is there an evil force trying to attack them INdirectly -- make people do awful things they would not really do ?
25	Oh , wait , no , maybe the whole REGION is some kind of psychic echo chamber where ambient discord can reverberate into murder ?
40	OK , hold on -- maybe it 's really just one little mentally tangled " Delbert " - style redneck boy who misses his Mommy and is on some kind of spree like a K-Tel Norman Bates knock off ?
26	Oh , yeah -- extra points off : the only Black character seems to be the grandson of an " Our Gang " pullman porter .
46	The actor plays it as straight as he can given the crummy dialogue , but the fact is , his purpose is " You all done betta get outa heah , Boss ! " At least they wrote him smart enough to GTF outta there .
23	The bit with the little girl being silenced and pulled away was definitely creepy , as was the chick in the shower .
15	Those were just two of quite a few really delicious tidbits in this movie .
29	The problem is that they are combined in disharmonious ways , like a bite of steak , a bite of chocolate and a bite of a Gummi bear .
12	Each is great on it 's own , but mixed up ?
2	Bleah !
3	Such potential .
2	Wasted .
12	Okay , now what the hell is this supposed to be ?
26	Is it a family fantasy movie to cash in further on the huge success of Spielberg 's " Close Encounters of the Third Kind " ?
26	Or a throwback to the glorious days of prehistoric epics such as " When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth " and " The Lost World " ?
14	Perhaps it 's an intellectual & philosophical masterpiece we all fail to comprehend ?
7	Yes , that must be it !
46	The story does not make the slightest bit of sense and the narrative structure is incoherent as hell but , hey , who cares as long as it 's got papier-mâché dinosaurs , miniature spacecrafts , headache-inducing light & laser shows and spontaneously combusting supernovas !
16	The voice-over introduction is practically inaudible , but no worries as it 's all gibberish !
19	Did you know that the definition of ' time ' is not what we all think it is ?
14	Time does not necessarily pass by chronologically , it is one giant paradox !
27	Words that were spoken thousands of years ago are still floating around now and even things that will happen in the future are already surrounding us .
29	I have absolutely NO idea what all this means , but apparently it provides an easy excuse to gather tap-dancing midget aliens and well-mannered dinosaurs on screen together .
27	I deliberately say well-mannered dinosaurs , because at a certain point one of the prehistoric monsters politely knocks on the front door before menacing his targets .
20	The crazy plot revolves on a family of weirdos living in their solar-powered house in the middle of nowhere .
38	Grandpa is extremely annoying , the granddaughter even more , granny is a walking & talking advertisement billboard for plastic surgery , the youngest son strangely resembles Prince Valiant and the young mother is  incredibly hot !
22	Chris Mitchum for some reason also pointless wanders around the filming sets as the hot mommy 's husband on business travel .
41	The special effects are purely cheesy and absolutely laughable ( I sincerely hope that the other reviewer who talked about " excellent special effects " was being sarcastic ) , but the absolute most genius aspect here are the dialogs !
9	I do agree with everything Calamine has said !
31	And I do not always agree with people , but what Calamine has said is very true , it is time for the girls to move on to better roles .
41	I would like to see them succeed very much as they were a very inspirational pair growing up and I would like to see them grow as people , actresses and in their career as well as their personal life .
37	So producers , please give the girls a chance to develop something that goes off the tangent a bit , move them into a new direction that recognises them individually and their talents in many facets .
33	This movie that is being commented is not too bad , but as I have seen further on in their movies , their movies stay the same of typical plot and typography .
25	1st watched 12/7/2002 - 3 out of 10 ( Dir-Steve Purcell ) : Typical Mary Kate & Ashley fare with a few more kisses .
36	It looks to me like the girls are getting pretty tired of this stuff and it will be interesting what happens to them if they ever decide to split up and go there own ways .
39	In this episode of their adventures they are interns in Rome for a ` fashion ' designer who puts them right into the mailroom to learn what working hard is all about ( I guess . . ) .
44	Besides the typical flirtations with boys there is nothing much else except the Rome scenario until about ¾ way into the movie when it 's finally revealed why they are getting fired , then re-hired , then fired again , then re-hired again .
22	This is definetly made by people who do not understand the corporate world and it shows in their interpretation of it .
17	Maybe the real world will be their next adventure ( if there is one . ) .
18	Even my kids did not seem to care for this boring ` adventure ' in the make-believe .
16	Let us see they probably only have a couple of years till their legal adults .
7	We will see what happens then .
23	The plot was dull , the girls were sickening and the supposed Italian male lead had clearly never heard an Italian accent .
20	Someone said the boys were cute in this film but it just seemed to be filled with mediocre people .
10	There were literally no redeeming features about this film .
32	I think this is a graveyard for actors that will never work again , with the unfortunate exception of the Olsen twins who seem to fascinate people for no discernible reason .
20	I hope the Olsen twins find something out of the limelight to keep them away from the entertainment business .
7	They have no place in it .
45	Identical twin sisters Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen climbed to fame in sitcoms like " Two of a Kind " , I had never seen them in anything before , but I had an idea of what to expect , but it was much worse .
39	Basically the Hunter sisters Charli ( Mary-Kate ) and Leila ( Ashley ) are in Rome for a Summer Intern Program , but not long after starting their jobs they are immediately fired for a series of mishaps .
39	Also starring Leslie Danon as Jami , Derek Lee Nixon as Ryan , Ilenia Lazzarin as Dari , Archie Kao as Nobu , Valentina Mattolini as Heidi , Michelangelo Tommaso as Paolo and Matt Patresi as Enrico Tortoni .
35	You can tell that this film was made to go straight to video , the camera-work is completely mismatched , and it does not help when you want to admire the sights of Rome .
3	Pretty poor !
11	When In Rome is a definite improvement on Getting There .
26	Getting There I found too predictable , contrived and slow , and to this day I still consider it as the Olsen twins ' worst .
20	However , while When In Rome is not a terrible movie , it 's not a great one either .
16	If I had to sum it up in one word , I would say passable .
19	It is good fun for teenagers , but I think adults will not find much to go on .
9	When In Rome does have its good points .
17	Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen are actually quite decent actresses , certainly very pretty as well .
25	I will admit when I was 10 or so , I really liked them , and in general I kind of like them still .
17	And I have enjoyed some of their movies like Passport To Paris and New York Minute .
21	Back on target , both girls do not do that bad a job , in fact they are very appealing .
17	Plus their outfits are to die for , and the scenery of Rome is absolutely breathtaking .
8	The soundtrack ai not half bad either .
16	However , where the film is brought down is in the plot and the script .
15	The script is on the most part clichéd and has hints of deja vu .
39	The plot , like most of the Mary Kate and Ashley movies , is very predictable , and anyone familiar with any other of the Olsen twins ' work , will find some rather unoriginal elements to it .
25	Most of the characters are cardboard thin , and you do not learn very much about them , and sometimes the pace is uneven .
18	Sadly , the breathtaking scenery is spoilt by rather slapdash camera work , that looked rushed constantly .
14	All in all , does have its good points , and certainly watchable .
17	However , for my taste , it is harmless and predictable teenage fluff . 4/10 Bethany Cox
25	OK , this has got 2 be one of the worst excuses 4 a movie that i have ever had the misfortune of watching .
18	The only reason i watched this was because i was really bored and nothing else was on .
42	I wonder if the twins will EVER stop making the same stereotypical movies where they have an unbelievably stupid adventure in an exotic location and save the day meanwhile getting the help of two cute guys who drool over them immediately .
24	The least they could would be to have a guy 4 1 of them or have them both falling 4 the same guy .
23	The plot in this story was so imbecilic and just plain dumb . even a toddler could see the flaws in it .
20	Maybe they should split up and start making films individually or maybe films with a different kind of story .
7	No , I am not kidding .
17	If they ever propose a movie idea , they should be kicked out of the studio .
4	I am serious .
38	Their movies are exactly the same in every one , and they only consist of traveling to foreign locations , having a problem which they easily resolve , hoping to be popular , and getting new boyfriends .
4	Think about it .
22	If you have ever seen a movie starring them with a different plot , contact me and tell me its name .
17	These " movies " are poor excuses to be on TV and go to other countries .
12	There is a reason that the movies never go to theaters .
12	Let me advise you , STAY AWAY FROM MARY-KATE AND ASHLEY !
7	It 's FOR YOUR OWN GOOD !
9	This movie really has no beginning or end .
7	And it 's really VERY unbelievable .
19	Mary-K and Ashley are supposed to be interns working in a mailing room for an Italian fashion company .
43	But , for some reason , they are put up in a 5-star hotel ( conveniently located across the street from the Coliseum ) , and all of the other interns they work with are just as abnormally model-looking as they are .
25	One thing that I found obvious in this movie is the way that one of the twins Does not end up with the guy .
12	I guess they tried to twist their usual plot a bit .
3	Nice try .
12	For the love of god please do not see this movie !
17	Its a waste of time , the plot is predictable , as are the romantic scenes .
20	Trying to build too much with very little , this film and its evil predictable villain is just lame .
29	The characters are not developed , and most of the film is padded out with shots of Rome , which is much more interesting than the actual film .
12	To top all of that , the acting is a disgrace .
16	I know everyone tries to find their niche , but this is truly a disaster .
20	I can not believe that someone actually paid however many millions of pounds to put this film on screen .
19	Do not waste money or time on this film , go see your grandma or something worthwhile instead .
11	Irene Dunne finished her illustrious career with this so-so movie .
25	She should have gone out with a bang , being the classy actress she was , not in this unmemorable , almost unknown film .
10	This lightweight comedy is okay , but nothing special .
18	The first half of it is far better as it gets pretty stupid in the second half .
12	Maybe Irene could see the handwriting on the wall and quit .
11	Even her high-pitched voice got a bit annoying in here .
11	Rumor has it she was not happy with this film .
5	One can see why .
10	The story reminded me of a 1950s television sitcom .
31	Speaking of that , I thought David Nelson from the Ozzie & Harriet TV show was in this movie but it turned out to be a very young Richard Crenna .
8	He looked and sounded just like Nelson .
14	Overall , so-so at best and a sub-par ending for a great actress .
15	C'mon guys some previous reviewers have nearly written a novel commenting on this episode .
10	It 's just an old 60 's TV show !
36	This episode of Star Trek is notable because of the most serious babe ( Yeoman Barrow 's ) ever used on Star Trek and the fact that it was filmed in a real outdoor location .
14	Unlike the TNG and Voyager series which were totally confined to sound stages .
33	This use of an outdoor location ( and babe ) gives proper depth and an almost film like quality to a quite ordinary episode of this now dated and very familiar show .
48	Except a few notable exceptions i . e " The city on the edge of forever " , " assignment Earth " and " Tomorrow is Yesterday " The old series of Star Trek needs to be seriously moth-balled and put out of it 's boring misery .
14	Half a dozen good episodes from 79 is quite a poor batting average .
36	This is typical of the boring stuff Gene Roddenberry produced back then actually , contrary to popular belief where some people worshiped the ground he walked on , he actually made a LOT of rubbish !
18	He does not deserve to be spoken of in the same breath as Irwin Allen for example .
18	Just look at the set of the bridge of the Enterprise from a modern point of view .
21	They used wobbly plywood for the floor , cafeteria chairs with plastic backs and cheap cardboard above the instrument panels .
10	You can clearly see the folds in the paper !
6	Every expense spared or what !
16	I saw this movie a few years back on the BBC i sat thru it .
34	How ? i do not know , this is way up there in the " so bad it'Good " charts Kidman , Baldwin , and Pullman must cringe when they see it now .
43	Pullman played his stock in trade " nice but dim " character the F-word coming out of his mouth when the lady from " frasier " miscast ed as a detective accuses him of murder sounds so wrong . stay well away .
23	Flat , ordinary thriller about a conniving woman who deceives all those she supposedly loves in order to boost her bank account .
17	Nicole Kidman plays the deceptive Tracey , married to the doting Andy ( Bill Pullman ) .
29	When an old school friend of Andy 's named Jed Hill ( Alec Baldwin ) turns up as the resident surgeon , trouble is not far behind him .
36	Script fails in that it does not carefully develop the promising premise into an effective , tantalising thriller , and the severe lack of character motivation , background and development leaves the whole show reaching .
28	None of the cast are able to generate interest in their shallow characters , especially Bill Pullman , whose own inexplicably curious Andy is impossible to believe .
25	Poor director Harold Becker is left trying to resurrect an impossibly dead project , and is unable to make entertainment from any of it .
19	By the time the ' secret ' of the plot is revealed , you just will not care .
9	At least the cinematography has Massachusetts looking good .
12	Also stars George C. Scott , Peter Gallagher and Josef Sommer .
8	Sunday , February 25 , 1996 - T.V.
47	When I refer to Malice as a film noir I am not likening it to such masterpieces as Sunset Boulevard , Double Indemnity or The Maltese Falcon , nor am I comparing director Becker to Alfred Hitchcock , Stanley Kubrick , Stanley Kramer or Luis Bunuel .
37	I am merely registering a protest against the darkness that pervades this movie from start to finish , to the extent that most of the time you simply can not make out what is going on .
27	I can understand darkness in night scenes but this movie was dark even in broad daylight , for what reason I am at loss to understand .
23	As it is , however , it would not have made much difference if director Becker had filmed it in total darkness .
22	I have walked out of very few movies before they end , but I could not finish this piece of garbage .
21	This was the biggest load of racism trying to pass as legitimate film since " Birth of a Nation " .
9	The characters were little more than cardboard cutouts .
16	I do not see how any actor would want their name associated with this film .
14	Lee must have better things to do that put out garbage like this .
20	I know that I and anyone with a brain have better things to do .... like watching paint dry .
18	I wish that someone would make a film about interracial relationships that dealt with the topic realistically .
19	There is a lot more depth to this subject the shallow ranting of a bitter director like Lee .
13	In short : Spike Lee clearly has a lot on his mind .
41	He 's thinking about racism color-ism , media and hegemony , consumerism and capitalism , religion , sexism , ' hetero-sexism ' , politics of the drug war etc etc ... That level of consciousness on is own is great .
33	I think it is a blessing that more and more people are choosing to critically examine fundamental aspects of our daily lives ; the silent and invisible forces that govern our societies .
17	However , just because Lee is making contentious films does not make him a good film-maker .
17	What comes across in " Jungle Fever " is a superficial understanding of these socio-political forces .
19	This is largely the result of two main failures : firstly , Lee is simply trying too hard .
21	He seems to be desperately trying to accommodate every political / social statement he can think of into the 90mins .
31	And as such , the end result seems confused and irresolute as he allows himself no time to develop characters that can fully embody the ideas he hopes to present .
17	And so he exhausts stereotypes and we are left with rushed testimonies and very loaded dialogs .
9	The end result is very staged and unrealistic .
33	Secondly , by attempting to make statements about such a wide variety of societal functions , he appears to have no concrete or original interpretation of the social / political issues presented .
10	What comes across is a puddle of regurgitated non-sense .
18	You feel that he bought an elementary level sociology text book and spewed out all 500 pages .
30	These are highly problematic features because the artistry of film is sacrificed and the work is transformed into a loudspeaker for the voice of the voice of the filmmaker .
18	He is unable to distance himself from the work , and allow it to speak for itself .
14	It functions neither as a piece of art nor a sound political argument .
20	Although I still do appreciate Lee bringing up these important issues , I must say : Two thumbs down .
23	Who in their right mind plays a lyrical song at the same time they are portraying an emotional scene between two people ?
40	When Flipper confronts his wronged wife in the dressing room , the song sung with lyrical content is as loud as the dialog , so one can hear neither , diluting any emotional impact the scene may have had .
27	The scenes of Annabella getting beaten by her father with his fists , a lamp and then a belt was so cartoonish as to be absurd .
16	This entire movie is a cartoon , the rampant prejudice against whites is literally astounding .
37	The discussion by the black women after flipper 's wife finds out he has cheated on her with a white woman - as if it were a discussion by an oxford debating team , is ridiculous .
25	The rampant racism might be possible to endure , but the soundtrack and the sound mixing during this ' movie ' is too much .
8	It was a technically poorly made movie .
32	There is no understanding of the basic craft of movie making , the sound track , the editing and the desperate attempt of great actors trying to keep this movie afloat .
26	I actually felt sorry for Anthony Quinn , wondering why he had accepted a role in this flick - his appearance in this is painful .
18	This is the first movie I have seen by this director and it will be my last .
16	Jungle Fever is too highly stylized , stereotyped , and comes across as essentially dishonest .
18	Wesley Snipes was wrong for the lead and there was no chemistry between him and Annabella Sciorra .
27	Even though there is plenty of talent in this movie , it 's mostly wasted because the parts are reduced to little more than decorative cameos .
34	Also , instead of simply showing racism for the ugly and stupid thing it is , Spike Lee chooses to wave it around like a flag in a most whining and irritating manner .
25	I made it through most of the film but I could not quite finish it , and that , for me , rarely happens .
30	I am not sure why Spike Lee made this train wreck of a movie and conned poor Stevie Wonder into eternally pairing his beautiful music with this theatrical mess .
19	I also resent the way he uses profanity as a part of the normal prose of professional Blacks .
13	The abuse of his hold on ethnic movie goers is a shame .
30	Scenes which seem to be contrived out the blue and have nothing to do with the theme or sub themes , play as if some college kid wrote this .
27	I especially detest the ludicrous scene where the two leads are playfully sparring for no reason at all and the cops come and rough up Snipes .
29	The overacting of the leads makes one feel as if Spike has no respect for his viewers or he has no clue what a movie is all about .
22	The final scene appears to be thrown in to justify the use of a sledge hammer to tack a point in .
18	This movie also supports the myth that all people of culture use the F-word in casual conversation .
30	I am hoping he will realize that the rest of his movies are in the same pool as this one where he is not growing as a film maker .
13	I think his union with Scorcesee in Clockers was a wise move .
13	He should stick to making documentaries like the Four Little Colored Girls .
8	Shock movies do not an Oscar make .
12	Director Spike Lee is famous for making films pointing out racism .
23	In many of films , such " Do The Right Thing , " most of the white people are all brutal racists .
19	In this movie , interracial marriage is the subject , with racism once again being the entire issue .
15	What Lee does , however , is once again demonstrate his bigotry against Christianity .
13	It 's amazing the double standards that exist in the film world .
22	If Lee or anyone else ever produced this kind of bias against another group he would be vilified , but Christians ?
11	Hey , it 's " open season " on them .
25	Ossie Davis , a reverend in this film , shoots his son and then puts the smoldering gun down on top of his Bible .
15	They zoom in on that for another closeup just in case you missed it .
17	Hey , folks , here 's another Bible reader and look what he '' s like !
14	Lee does this sort of thing in just about every movie he makes .
11	He shows the same hatred when dealing with race relations .
11	Who could argue with portraying racism as an evil thing ?
16	However , Lee perpetuates it in this film as he has in his other films .
12	His obvious bitterness toward white people does not help the situation .
8	It only adds fuel to the fire .
19	Hey , Spike : start " doing the right thing " and leave your prejudices in the closet .
36	Better yet , " get over it . " This is too bad because the subject matter could have made for a thought - provoking film if it had been done with objectivity and intelligence .
29	This picture started out with good intentions , Bacon the scientist out to test the theory of invisibility , and Shue is cute as usual in her role .
34	It all falls apart after that , it 's your typical Hollywood thriller now , filmed on a soundstage with special effects galore , minus any kind of humour , wit or soul .
12	In other words , do not waste your time watching this .
18	Get the audiocassette tape with John DeLancie as the Invisible Man instead , also starring Leonard Nimoy .
17	Now that was good , and HG Wells is well served , unlike with this mess .
18	This movie was exactly what I expected , not great , but also not that bad either .
27	In my opinion PG13 movies are not scary enough so that 's why I already knew I was going to be bored throughout the entire film .
21	Sure there were scary things going on in the hotel room , but nothing we all have not already seen .
25	I guess I did not like it because I thought there were too many twists and turns happening ; it got old and repetitive .
20	I also did not understand if all the things Cusack was experiencing in the room was real or not .
12	There is no explanation for any of the events that occurred .
38	The movie just drags on and when it finally does come to an end you want it to keep going because you are still waiting around for someone to tell you what the whole movie was about .
9	What I did like was the special effects .
11	Other than that there was not much enjoyment from it .
12	Maybe its just me but I thought this was below average .
19	I am a huge , huge fan of John Cusack , Samuel L. Jackson , and Tony Shalhoub .
17	I am slightly less fond of Stephen King , but I like some of his work .
21	This said , I should have LOVED 1408 . *** POSSIBLE SPOILERS AFTER THIS POINT **** I walked in eager .
5	I walked out disappointed .
9	This is not the fault of the actors .
27	Shalhoub and Jackson both have very small roles because the premise of the movie puts Cusack in the " guy in a locked room " scenario .
18	This was not a BAD movie , but I can not call it a good one either .
50	It was a muddied mess that had moments of " ouch , that 's just WRONG , " combined with moments of " ouch , that 's just painful , " and moments of " oh , now That 's just unfortunate " with very little continuity-connectivity between them .
33	Eislin 's father shows up once , and there is no seeming connection to the rest of Mike 's personal life that we see displayed while he tries to survive the room .
19	A previous commenter described the Olin / Enslin argument as worth watching , and I very much agree .
10	We never find out the origin of the evil .
18	We never get to see the evil defeated , though we can presume maybe it was defeated .
14	And the ending was just a jarring " What ? ! " moment .
8	Wait for it to come on cable .
28	I would not have minded paying for it as a matinée , but I am feeling a bit shortchanged for having paid opening night prices for it .
13	' 1408 ' is the latest hodge podge of cheap scare tactics .
31	The kind that might make date-movie styled horror fans occasionally jump in their seat and scream in your ear , but disappoint audiences searching for a little depth and direction .
23	John Cusak plays a writer who 's made a career of writing books describing his experiences of staying in rumored haunted hotels .
25	Despite assurances by patrons and owners that ghosts roam the halls , there is little to make him a real believer in the paranormal .
41	When he learns of the history of Room 1408 at the Overlook Hotel -- no wait , I mean , Dolphin Hotel in New York City -- he decides it would make the perfect closing chapter to his latest book .
37	But , Samuel L. Jackson , playing the hotel owner , strongly attempts to dissuade his guest with narration of the atrocities that have occurred in theat room since the hotel 's opening many years ago .
20	The story is simple and we , as possible skeptics , must sit through Jackson 's lengthy foreshadowing ramble .
7	In other words : be afraid !
4	Be very afraid !
34	Of course , it would be easy to convince audiences that they have just paid to see an edge-of-the-seat thriller if it did not take so long to build up to this point .
30	And also , if what followed was a lot more than cheap " boos " that become so frequent and arbitrary that eventually , you might soon expect them .
8	The temperature in the room changes automatically .
6	The walls drip with blood .
11	The fearless writer can not open the door , etc .
33	And after nearly an hour and a half of delivering these to audiences promised big thrills , you might sit and hope that at least you can be wowed by the ending .
40	With suspicions of dream sequences and other derivative time-wasters , even that fails to quell our doubts that before the movie is over , we might finally have something to make the movie a little less than completely forgettable .
35	Despite grand performances ( as always ) by Cusak , who essentially is the entire film , most everyone else of note is wasted ( i.e. Samuel L. Jackson ) in insignificant minor roles .
15	The true mystery here is how this movie received such a high viewer rating .
3	Ballot-stuffing ghosts ?
11	I do not see what everyone liked about this movie .
31	The set-up was too long and talky , and when it was done , the main character remained as flat and opaque as he had been in the first scene .
36	After the film finally got Cusack into the eponymous hotel room , I had to wonder , well , what 's going to happen here for the next hour or so to keep me engaged .
18	The answer : not much , just John Cusack having a long , drawn-out , mental breakdown .
3	I dunno .
23	All I do know is that I saw this movie with two other horror buffs and none of us much liked it .
49	Except for the disquieting episode on the hotel ledge , the alarming crazy lady with the hammer , and the so-stupid-it-was-fun crypt keeper in the air duct , all three of which account for no more than five minutes of screen time , this film was a bore .
23	By the way , this story seems to steal ideas from The Shining and use them here to much less powerful effect .
11	Is Stephen King now reduced to stealing ideas from himself ?
16	After spotting the high rating on IMDb , I decided to go see this movie .
14	Beyond that high rating , I intentionally avoided reading any of the reviews .
21	I wanted to go into the theater with a clean slate , without knowing the plot or having predetermined expectations .
12	Given my rating , you can see that I was disappointed .
11	I enjoyed the development of the main character Mike Enslin .
18	I also enjoyed how the hotel manager attempted to talk him out of entering the hotel room .
16	By the time Enslin entered the room , I was ready for some scary stuff .
13	First chocolates appear on the pillow and the toilet paper is folded .
7	Enslin reacts in a believable manner .
5	He 's freaked out .
15	I am encouraged and think to myself , this is going to be good .
12	The people who made this movie understand that less is more .
13	But it 's what happens next that was a big let down .
29	The subtleness is quickly replaced by the predictable shotgun approach ... Just blast the audience with every Hollywood scary trick in the book and hope that something works .
13	Let us see , a clock radio that turns on by itself ?
7	Good , that 's always scary .
8	Objects that move around in the room ?
9	Good , you can not complain about that .
8	Blood dripping from the walls and sink ?
2	Great .
5	Ghosts that commit suicide ?
2	Good .
3	Anything else ?
23	How about loud noises , shaking , fire , more shaking , messing up the room , more blood , etc etc .
5	It 's all good .
8	And it 's all been done before .
25	Overstimulate our Attention Deficit Disordered audience with all kinds of stuff in quick succession , and they will not be able to look away .
9	Well , it did not work for me .
6	And you know what else ?
30	When I go see a horror movie in a theater , it 's typical to hear several groups of girls in the audience yelling in fear at scary moments .
8	But this movie had no scary moments .
7	The audience was silent and disinterested .
8	I felt no chill down my spine .
2	Nothing .
11	The Shining was 100x what this movie tries to be .
20	So who are all these people who are saying that it is one of the best horror movies ever ?
5	Friends of the director ?
9	Sorry , I just do not get it .
21	Can you say " All shock , no plot ? " There were so many unexplored directions in this movie .
19	There was no history about the room other than the deaths . * WHY * was it evil ?
6	What made it that way ?
7	Why an " hour " countdown ?
27	Then , there were the unexplored things hinted at ; for example we * saw * a camera in the air vent , which he mentioned .
13	But when he climbed up said vent , there was no camera .
28	How about the fact that all the ghosts looked " Digital " , and things " winked out " before hitting the ground making a static noise ?
24	Hmmm ... when you put all of * those * things together , it makes room 1408 look like a high-tech spook house .
10	Except that there was no follow up on that .
13	Oh ... by the way ... electronics do not work in 1408 .
20	Well , except for the TV ... the cell phone has no signal , but Wireless Internet works fine .
8	How many incontinuities can you possibly add ?
16	I am sorry , but this film was nothing but " shock after shock " .
7	It 's all been done before .
5	Reflections in the mirror .
6	Things just out of site .
3	Changing paintings .
3	Bleeding walls .
7	It just did not make sense .
17	Additionally , there was no background information about " The first book " that he wrote .
16	Just some vague information about the " dad was a jerk " and so forth .
22	Speaking of dads , what was with the bit about his father ? " You will be in my place " .
7	Overall , a truly HORRIBLE movie .
26	It was 100 % adrenalin shock factor , without any new or innovative effects , and certainly no back story , character development , etc .
45	My overall impression is that the entire movie was made on the " Cheap " ; pretty much using one set and a couple of location shots , and was nothing but an effects film of recycled , cheesy , " seen-that-before " effects .
11	I must say that I was disapointed with this film .
41	I have never been a huge BNL fans , I find their songs kind of childish and obsessively nostalgic ( this is me in grade 9 , if i had a million dollars , shoe box of life etc ) .
23	However , I have seen clips of their live show and I really like the improvisational and goofy nature of the show .
32	BNL is like that , years ago I remember many a fond memory of sitting around campfires in Canada listening to people play " If I had a million dollars " .
34	The interviews are surprisingly dull for such a funny bunch of guys , I think they are all old and they have families and houses and stuff and have settled down a bit .
32	There are times when they go into Spinal Tap type of material , where they deliver deadpan satire , then they break into laughs and giggles that kind of ruins it .
29	The interviews with Moses Znaimer ( a Canadian media mogule ) and Terry David Mulligan ( Music dude ) are extremely pretentious and verge into Tap territory unintentionally .
24	I enjoyed " American Movie " , so I rented Chris Smith 's first film , which I thought was a documentary too .
18	In the first minute I saw that it was not , but I gave it a go .
6	What a dead end film .
23	Being true-to-life hardly serves you if you are merely going to examine tediousness , esp. tediousness that we are already familar with .
40	I am sorry , but will it come as a relevation to ANYONE that 1 ) a lot of jobs suck and 2 ) most of them are crappy , minimum wage jobs in the service sector ? ? ?
9	I knew that before I saw the film .
29	Or the day after abandoning his job ( and screwing up the machine he was working on ) , that everyone would be so easy on him ? ?
14	A big problem is our " hero " ( ? ) , Randy .
6	This guy is a loser .
20	Not because he 's stuck in these jobs , or has a crummy apartment , or looks like one .
5	He 's a dope .
13	He does not pay attention or even really try at these jobs .
5	He has zero personalty .
16	If I had to hire someone , he would not make it past the interview .
30	I am looking forward to what Chris Smith does next , but guys , knock off the " this-is-an-important-film " stuff . " American Job " does not work .
22	Having heard so much about the 1990s Cracker series without seeing any of them , I looked forward to this eagerly .
14	Surely the combination of Jimmie McGovern and Robbie Coltrane could not go wrong .
5	How wrong I was !
15	The polemics , backed by frequent , repetitive and violent flashbacks , were overpowering .
18	The production tried to be super-modern , but the flashing boxes and even the childish font irritated .
28	Robbie Coltrane sleep-walked through the two hours , coming up with unexplained and unlikely " insights " , and the police were portrayed as one-dimensional bumbling idiots .
39	As a result , the tension never built up and the next-to-final scene ( no details for fear of spoilers ) was as laughably bad a piece of TV drama as I have seen for a long time .
33	No , I do not want to see any more of these , but I will go back to the DVDs of the 1990s series to see if they match their reputation .
25	The social commentary was way overblown and the mystery itself is built and solved through a series of implausible coincidences that were entirely unbelievable .
18	Nothing has changed in Fitz 's personal life in the past decade that makes it remotely interesting .
28	I even had trouble understanding why he was complaining about his stay in Australia as compared to the opportunities to solve mysteries that he has in England .
10	Can he not insinuate himself on the Australian police ?
17	It seems like a very artificial plot point to get him involved in a crime investigation .
35	The latter episodes of the original series were pretty melodramatic and implausible , sometimes bordering on silliness , and this one picks up that mantle rather than returning to the focus of series one .
2	Sad .
21	I rarely make these comments but I felt compelled to spare others the pain I endured in watching this movie .
23	It 's so stupid and implausible both in the overall story and in the details that you simply can not suspend disbelief .
48	The problem starts early , when you see a government researcher tooling around in a new Porsche and dining with his team in a restaraunt that looks like a castle , overlooking the Capitol Building in Washington , D.C. That kind of life on a government salary ?
2	Hah !
5	It only gets worse .
36	Toward the end , when the bad guy starts killing off the good guys , the latter group act so stupidly that you want them to die , in order to cleanse the gene pool .
35	The special effects are pretty good - any producer 's money can buy that - and the lead actors have been great in other films , but the screenplay and direction here are moronic .
34	Many people have wondered whether there was some deliberate intelligence behind Paul Verhoeven 's previous , facially stupid movies ( Showgirls , Starship Troopers ) , but this movie should stop the wondering .
6	He 's just plain bad .
4	A major disappointment .
29	This was one of the best UK crime drama / detective shows from the 90 's which developed the fascinating title character played by Scotland 's Robbie Coltrane .
29	However this one-off has little to add and perhaps suffers from an inevitable let down due to raised expectations when a favored show returns after a long hiatus .
35	Coltrane is not really given much to do , much more attention is spent on the uninteresting killer , and in what he has to act in , he seems uninvolved , almost bored .
22	The ex-soldier's story is written by the books and the attempt to update us on Coltrane 's family life seems lightweight .
29	Perhaps if the writers had a whole series in front of them instead of just this one two-hour show they would have written this with much more depth .
20	As is , skip this and watch the old Cracker from the 90 's which is far far superior .
20	As a huge fan or the Cracker series , I have been waiting 7 years for the next addition .
14	This Episode I am afraid just does not live up to the legend .
41	Fitz returns to Manchester after 7 years for his daughters wedding and gets involved in a murder investigation were a soldier , tormented by flash backs from his tour of duty in Northern Irland , goes on a killing spree .
27	What I did not like about this episode is the extremely convenient way it is all set up and how fitz is led to the murderer .
7	It is all fat to far-fetched .
17	There are however some good scenes in flash backs from Northern Irland which are filmed great .
19	I am a true fan of the original Cracker series , and own all of them on DVD .
34	Cracker had a tendency to be over-the-top on occasion , but Robbie Coltrane and the other cast members , as well as the writers , always seemed to carry it off despite themselves .
44	I count the original Cracker among the great Brit TV crime series of that time , and there is some stiff competition : Prime Suspect , Inspector Frost , Inspector Morse , Jeremy Brett 's Sherlock Homes , and a host of others .
15	Cracker , along with Prime Suspect , was on the top of my list .
26	Which makes " A New Terror " all the more sad ... Ultimately , this was a very pale imitation of Cracker 's former glory .
28	I forced myself to sit through the whole thing , convinced that it could not actually be this bad , and that some spark would eventually ignite .
12	I was wrong , it was bad from beginning to end .
36	A few criticisms : First , just to get any potential bias up-front right off : I was offended by the anti-American , anti-war screed that droned on and on throughout most of the show .
32	The topper : the murder of two American 's innocent of any crime and a British Junkie is , in Fitz 's words , " understandable , but not justified " .
11	Second , just how much air-time did Robbie Coltrane get ?
30	Fitz was almost a bit player in this one , as if he was an afterthought plugged into some story originally written without any thought of Fitz 's role .
37	Coltrane could have carried the show on his own broad and still suitably flabby shoulders , but the writer was apparently thinking of other things , and missed the chance , and by a wide margin .
7	Third : WHAT AN ABYSMAL SCRIPT !
8	Fourth , where the hell was Panhallagan ?
25	Now that would have been interesting ... It was Manchester after all , and 10 years on she 'd be up in the ranks .
37	The Director 's cut , which , presumably , one has to pay for , might have all of the goodies I expected to see tonight but never did , like a coherent , interesting storyline .
38	It 's considered to be one of the finest shows ever to come out of England ( and that 's saying something ) , and was tremendously successful in England and around the world back in 1993 .
19	Now , the original stars have re-teamed with the original writer to knock out one more 2-hour episode .
18	I have loved this show ever since I 'd first seen it , over a decade ago .
30	The DVD box set holds a place of honor in my collection , and I can quote a good deal of Fitz 's interrogation scenes practically word for word .
21	The idea of Robbie Coltrane reteaming with Jimmy McGovern for another TV movie about Fitz filled me with absolute glee .
7	I will start with the good .
23	One of the many things that impressed me about the original Cracker series was how quickly Fitz was defined as a character .
48	Five minutes into the first episode  with his lecture ( throwing the books into the air ) , his drinking , and his cussing of the guy after him on the gambling machine queue  and you knew , simply knew , who this character was .
32	You could feel him " clicking " in your mind , the kind of click that only happens when a great actor gets a great role written by a great writer .
32	Coltrane , of course , remained great throughout the show , but I always felt that some of the later episodes  those not written by McGovern  mistreated the character .
11	So the good news is this : Fitz is back .
30	As soon as you see him in this show  making incredibly inappropriate comments at his daughter 's wedding  you will feel that " click " once again .
29	It 's him : petulant one moment and truly sorry the next , always insightful , sincere to the point of tactlessness but brilliantly funny in the process .
24	If you love this character as much as I do , you will be delighted with how he is portrayed in the movie .
22	And this extends to Judith and Mark : in fact , everything having to do with the Fitzs is handled perfectly .
18	The problem I do have with this movie revolves around the crime Fitz is trying to solve .
28	In standard Cracker fashion , we know exactly who the criminal is in the first five minutes  the suspense lies in seeing Fitz figure it out .
16	In this case , we have a serial killer who is out for American blood .
38	And the reason for this , unfortunately , is not due to any believable psychological trauma  rather , it seems that the murders are here simply to allow the writer to display his personal political beliefs .
26	It 's difficult for me to write this , as I truly believe that Jimmy McGovern is one of the greatest writers in the world .
22	Nor do I have a problem with movies that are about current issues , or movies that take a political stand .
21	But in the Cracker universe , we expect to see the characters behaving like human beings , not like caricatures .
16	Instead , the Americans in this movie are all depicted in an entirely stereotypical fashion .
37	They are know-nothing loudmouths who complain about everything , treat the locals like crap and cheat on their wives  one of them even manages to do all of the above within less than 5 minutes .
11	I honestly thought I 'd mistakenly switched channels or something .
7	But it does not stop there .
32	We get constant reminders of just how badly the war in Iraq is going  reminders that have nothing whatsoever to do with the story and appear practically out of nowhere .
38	I can not say that this ruined the show for me  it 's was still good TV , better than almost everything else in the genre ( mainly due to , once again , Coltrane ) .
49	But its constant politicizing made it impossible for it to be as good as the real Cracker classics like " To Be A Somebody "  an episode that was just as " issuey " , but one that was handled with far more subtlety and psychological depth .
21	Two other small points : Panhandle not being around is a disappointment , but what 's worse are her replacements .
21	The entire police department  which for so long filled with such great characters - is now full of vanilla .
32	Completely interchangeable cops who lack any and all personality ( how you could drain Coupling 's Richard Coyle of personality is beyond me , but it is indeed missing here ) .
16	Also , there are couple of moments where the show lost its believability for me .
6	I do not think so .
12	So , all in all , I was a little disappointed .
19	It 's recommended viewing , but remember to leave at least some of your expectations at the door .
12	I hope whoever coached these losers on their accents was fired .
43	The only high points are a few of the supporting characters , 3 of 5 of my favourites were killed off by the end of the season ( and one of them was a cat , to put that into perspective ) .
12	The whole storyline is centered around sex , and nothing else .
23	Nothing against sex , it would just be nice if it were a little more subtle with being peppered into the storyline .
12	Perhaps HAVE a storyline and then shoehorn some sex into it .
19	But they did not even bother to do that ... and Anna Paquin is a dizzy gap-tooth bitch .
15	Either she sucks or her character sucks , I can not figure out which .
32	Another part of the storyline that I find highly implausible is why 150 year old vampire Bill who seems to have his things together would be interested in someone like Sookie .
16	She 's constantly flying off the handle at him for things he can not control .
24	He leaves for two days and she already decides that he 's " not coming back " and suddenly has feelings for dog-man ?
5	Give me a break .
18	She 's supposed to be a 25 year old woman , not a 14 year old girl .
37	People close to her are dying all over , and she 's got the brightest smile on her face because she just gave away her V-card to some dude because she can not read his mind ?
46	As the main character of the story , I would 've hoped the show would do a little more to make her understandable and someone to invest your interest in , not someone you keep secretly hoping gets killed off or put into a coma .
30	I can not find anything about her character that I like and even the fact that she can read minds is impressively uninspiring and not the least bit interesting .
14	I will not be wasting my time with watching Season 2 come June .
22	As a fan of the Sookie Stackhouse books , I find this series to be a totally crass representation of them .
17	Vampire Bill is not very good looking and looks much older than described in the book .
16	I found that they have made already wonderfully colourful characters seem very course and vulgar .
41	One of the things I loved about the books is that despite all the crap that she is going through Sookie is always a lady , and yet in the TV series she does not seem like that at all .
21	Not only that but the prejudices displayed in the TV series are not nearly as wide spread in the books .
26	I did not expect an exact replica of the books but I at least expected the feel of them to be used for the series .
22	Man , I really find it hard to believe that the wonderful Alan Ball had anything to do with this mess .
28	Having seen the first two episodes thus far , I think I can safely say this show is not going to be on my must see list .
11	It 's just got so many things working against it .
9	None of the actors cast are particularly good .
12	Anna Paquin as the lead character Sookie , is just awful .
24	I remember her being better in a lot of other things I have seen her in so maybe it 's just the writing .
23	She 's not really much fun to look at either , there are moments where to be honest she looks downright ugly .
24	The actor who plays Bill is marginally better , if only because his character is supposed to be sort of wooden and aloof .
25	The other actors do their best but with the cliché characters with difficult to perform accents they are given it 's a tough job .
15	Tara is an absolute misery to watch , Rutina Wesley absolutely murders the accent .
9	It 's like nails on a chalkboard bad .
19	Almost as awful is Nelsan Ellis , it 's difficult to understand what he 's even saying sometimes .
16	Both his character as well as Tara 's also seem a bit racist to me .
27	I do not know , having a character say ' whycome ' on an HBO show that is not The Wire just seems a bit odd .
34	Rounding out the cast so far are Sookie 's doddering grandmother , her sex addict brother , and the only bit of genius casting I have seen in William Sanderson as the sheriff .
24	The story seems to be meandering towards it 's destination at this point , with no real worry about keeping the viewer interested .
8	The romance stuff is very Dark Shadow-sy .
19	Although this show ups the camp factor from something like those old Dark Shadows episodes times about ten .
21	At times it seemed so campy to me , that I just have to assume it was intended to be .
19	But unlike a show such as Buffy , that pulled camp off masterfully , this show does not .
17	Out of place with the campiness is the extreme gore and graphic sex of the show .
43	I am not averse to either of these when they are done well , as they have in many other HBO shows but here at least they prolonged rough sex scenes involving Jason Stackhouse seem a bit over the top and pointless .
23	About the only nice thing I can really think to say about this mess is that I liked the opening title sequence .
32	HBO has had a string of bad luck with their shows lately , I hope they cancel this after the first season and try to get something better on the air .
14	When I first watched the show , the first few episodes seemed promising .
20	Bill Compton introduced himself as the stereotypical " mysterious " vampire and Sookie presented herself as an independent woman .
21	However , the show went downhill from here and the once interesting characters are as entertaining as a cardboard box .
18	As the story progresses the main characters lose their original personalities , along with their acting abilities .
20	By episode 5 , Bill 's furrowed eyebrows are so low that his face just consists of a forehead .
16	Sookie , or rather the actress , is even more dead than her vampire lover .
20	All these tragic events are surrounding her and she only reacts to how enjoyable it was losing her virginity .
19	Personally , I think they made the main characters sleep with each other too early in the show .
22	The way they teased each other was something that had me hooked and could easily be toyed with a bit more .
27	As soon as Sookie loses it she struts around like a total ditz , only thinking of Bill 's libido and the size of his appendage .
15	Bill also loses his debonair attitude and well , he just gets plain silly .
13	His actions are never really explained except he does it for Sookie .
2	Why ?
16	Their love for each other is never delved into , if there is any love .
16	So far it just seems to be sex that is the core of their relationship .
12	Yeah , yeah , vampires usually equal sex but come on .
12	Every five seconds I see some sort of humping going on .
26	It was not that much of a surprise , since HBO always tries to pass of a soft core porno as a decent TV show .
21	Bill popping out of the dirt and just getting it on with Sookie with no reason what 's so ever ?
9	I laughed so hard I almost peed myself .
9	The plot is just a stream of consciousness .
9	The characters never go into detail about anything .
10	All the events that happen are usually left unexplained .
10	The only thing that is constant is the sex .
15	The only thing I can say that I do like are the minor characters .
14	Tara and her drunk mother are far more interesting than the major characters .
19	The only reason why I continue to watch the show is for the development of the minor characters .
15	Minus the sex and the main characters the show would be much more worthwhile .
37	For every series that makes it to television , a 100 ideas are formed , 50 scripts are written , 15 pilots are made , and one , just one , actually makes it to production .
41	From such a selection process , we are lead to believe that the final product must be the cream of the crop , for what other reason could so many ideas be rejected to give us a single television series .
40	And so it goes with True Blood ; all the stars were in alignment and what started as a series of novels was transformed into an idea , a screen play , a pilot , and finally a series .
38	Unfortunately , it can sometimes be a long journey and along the way there are many turns that ultimately change what was good and pure into and show that production people feel would be best for ratings .
41	Oh how wrong they so often are ... True Blood is an example of a creative concept that has developed into one of the poorest story lines , worst acting , and silliest subplots as anything in recent television history .
21	Its international cast of relatively unknown actors struggle to find their voices but keep tripping over their fake southern accents .
32	Alan Ball 's not so secret desires for Ryan ( Jason Stackhouse ) gives us a fresh nude shot each week although it often has nothing to do with the storyline .
42	Tara 's angry black woman characterization fails to connect and you find yourself secretly hoping the vamps take her out quickly before she goes into another speech about white suppression while attend a ceremony for the Glorious Dead of the Confedercy .
36	Sam finds suppressed love for Sookie and suddenly we are to believe he needs to watch over her morning , noon , and night despite years of working with her and avoiding any such relationship .
41	As for Bill the Vampire , his moral high ground is quickly surrendered at the first chance to make love with Sookie and has no issue with make a quick snack of her ( although she remains somewhat unharmed ) .
31	We find the other vampires not so mainstream as Bill but greatly desiring to become accepted by a public as they look at the living as Happy Meals with legs .
33	Despite my best efforts of suffering through the first six episodes , I have come to the realization that no matter how long you watch a bad show , its still bad .
9	Somethings die for a reason , even vampires .
6	Maybe this show should to .
22	This show had a lot of hype but I did not know about it until the midseason ( season 1 ) .
8	Someone even recommended the show to me .
31	But I decided that if I was going to watch it , I was going to wait until the end of the season so I could watch it in bulk .
13	Due to the show 's format , I am happy I waited .
39	I imagine it would have been fairly annoying have nearly every episode end in the middle of some cliff hanger then have to wait another week to find out what happens in the next second of the story .
13	Somehow , this show has managed to throw in too much sex .
11	Jason will have sex with pretty much anything that moves .
26	Right after he finds out that one woman he had sex with was killed , he 's in bed with another woman the next night !
21	Then Tara and Sam get it on , despite each of them knowing that Sam is in love with Sookie .
25	And for some reason , Sookie gets mad when she later finds out about it -- even though she 's sleeping with a vampire .
25	One of the problems with the show , is that it does not do a good job of making you care about the characters .
10	I really did not care for Jason at all .
21	Along with his endless pursuit of tale , he was rude to the people who actually were concerned for him .
16	After a few episodes , I would not have minded if he got killed somehow .
34	For that reason , I was for the most part uninterested in the murders until Sookie 's Grandmother became a victim ( since the first two were more closely involved with Jason ) .
16	Then once Sookie and Bill have sex , the story gets a few more subplots .
26	Tara 's mother wants an exorcism , then the exorcist lady tries to convince Tara that she should have one to remove her own demon .
25	I was not so much bothered by the whole exorcism thing as I know there are some people who really believe in that stuff .
27	However , they waste little time in showing that is it a farce right after Tara spends about $1300 on exorcisms for her and her mother .
12	At other points , some of the developments happen too fast .
27	Jason continues being a jerk , trying to sell his Grandmother 's stuff to buy vampire blood , which apparently is the new crack or something .
18	In his search he finds this girl who will do V ( vampire blood ) with him .
37	They get high , and within three days fall in love with each other and kidnap a vampire for a constant source of V. Another example is when Bill has to go to a vampire tribunal .
30	He 's only gone for two days before Sookie starts to feel abandoned and start to wonder if he thinks " vampire politics " are more important than her .
9	Subtlety is not this show 's strong suit .
18	It does not take a genius to figure out something is going on with the local dog .
17	Although my assumption was not dead on , it was not that much of a surprise .
33	But the finale two episodes was where it really got annoying as it just shoved all the developments in your face as if you could not possibly figure the out for yourself .
35	When Tara gets into the car accident , the naked lady 's face with the pig is clearly shown , and was easily recognizable when she shows up at the jail for the bailout .
20	As if that was not enough , they later show the lady again with the pig at her house .
11	Then it 's time to wrap up the murder story .
27	At the end of the penultimate episode , it 's revealed that Renee is not who he says he is and most likely is the killer .
15	In the final episode , they shove Renee being the killer in your face .
16	Sookie remarks that it 's odd that Renee 's thoughts do not have an accent .
15	I thought that was fine , as it adds to Renee being a fraud .
12	But the next scene is full of incriminating evidence against Renee .
32	They show that Renee has the tape of Maudette with the vampire and his fiancée finds a tape in one of Renee 's boxes about how to fake a Cajun accent .
8	At this point it was just ridiculous .
8	I mean WE GET IT ! ! !
7	So blah blah blah stuff happens .
17	Bill almost kills himself while failing to save Sookie , who still manages to kill Renee .
12	They start to set up season 2 by leaving unfinished issues .
20	The naked pig lady and Sam have a history , Lafayette has gone missing and might have been killed .
27	Jason is in the process of being brainwashed into being a religious nut by some anti-vampire church -- which makes me care about him even less .
14	It 's almost surprising to see how many people absolutely love this show .
11	I think I just expected this show to be better .
27	I am interested in seeing what happens in season 2 , but if I watch it , I will most likely wait for the season completion .
37	After watching some of HBO 's great stuff - Band of Brothers , Rome , etc . - I must say I had pretty high expectations before watching the first episode of " True Blood " .
2	Jeez .
11	Anna Paquin was okay as well , but not more .
15	But the guy , playing her brother though , jeez , he 's horrible .
16	The scene in which he gets arrested is just simply a shame to modern television .
38	The acting is bad , the construction site looks fake to the bone , and the two other guys " Why is he getting arrested ? Uh . . I dunno ... " That was pretty embarrassing .
18	Another thing that I think was completely missed was the way they presented Sookie 's psychic powers .
19	They make us hear what people think AND speak both at the same time and thats just wrong .
44	Often it just seems unnecessarily chaotic , as if people 's thought were some sort of an annoying radio channel , and that when she comes close to em she hits the right frequency level and has to hear everything that they think .
21	And finally , the sex scenes are just plainly unnecessary and that vampire sex tape thing was just totally disgusting .
27	Do not get me wrong - I wrote all these comments not because I thought the show was BAD , but because I was very disappointed .
5	I expected quality stuff .
12	I did not think it was going to be like that .
9	It 's definitely not a GOOD show though .
4	Mediocre at best .
24	That 's what I found myself saying time after time in the remarkably inept 3rd act of this sorry excuse for a film .
10	First off , the computer effects are absolutely mind-blowing !
12	Those computer wizs ' really deserve a pat on the back .
50	The rest of the movie , though ... None of the characters act in a realistic manner , especially in the aforementioned , despicable 3rd act ( I promise I will not give it away , but trust me , it 's not worth keeping a secret ! ) .
26	A lot of laughs in the film come unintentionally , like when they try to explain that an invisible man 's eyelids do not work .
12	Please , give the viewers more credit than that ! ! !
11	Some of the sexual aspects of the film were interesting .
13	What would you do , after all , if you were invisible ?
6	No one could catch you !
16	These issues were dealt much more intelligently in the classic The Invisible Man from 1933 .
22	There is one scene of violence in particular that is so incredibly ambiguous , and is not mentioned once later on .
21	If more attention had been paid it , Kevin bacon 's mad scientist might have made a little more sense .
27	The movie would actually be much more successful as a porno , since the premise could actually be carried out in a unique and interesting manner .
11	But this piece of work ... go see something else .
11	Or do not , and live with the consequences ! 3/10
42	One of those classics , held up next to " Deep Throat " and " Behind the Green Door . " Sure , it was clever , but the female lead is not that attractive and sex is not that hot .
18	But if not for this film , porn would not have blossomed into what it is today .
10	Harry Reems was the Ron Jeremy of his day .
9	Worth a look if you are a Fan .
18	a friend gave it to me saying it was another classic like " Debbie does Dallas " .
3	Nowhere close .
17	I think my main complaint is about the most unattractive lead actress in porn industry ever .
14	Even more terrible is that she is on screen virtually all the time .
20	But I read somewhere that back in those days , porn had to have some " artistic " value .
8	I was unable to find it though .
24	See it only if you are interested in history of development of porn into mainstream , or can appreciate art in porn movies .
6	I know I am not .
13	But the director of the movie appears to be a talented person .
17	He even tried to get Simon & Garfunkel to give him permissions to use his songs .
6	Of course , they rejected .
33	There is a DVD published in the UK in 2002 Code HRGD002 on the cover , no ASIN , VFC 19796 on the disk , no IFPI code in the inner rim .
7	Probably a straight transfer from VHS .
11	There is no much point is commenting an adult film .
14	But this one contains a minimal plot , and the characters are believable .
11	It was shown in the United States in normal cinemas .
11	I have seen it In Pensylvannia way back in 1975 .
12	As such it deserves a place in an Encyclopedia of Movies .
20	The DVD has no special features and no subtitles , and was probably made using a VHS tape as source
20	Yes , this film gets a lot of attention and is considered a classic in the adult film genre .
11	Still , I did not like this one at all .
40	About a woman who commits suicide in a scene more fitting a horror movie , she is given the opportunity to return to earth briefly to live the life of lust she never did before in her mundane life .
6	Crappy sex scenes to follow .
24	Why are they crappy , for one they try so hard to be artistic that they take away from the actual sex act .
12	I mean we watch porn for the sex do we not .
23	Little Girls Blue also does things in an artistic way , but it is still very erotic and nice to look at .
11	Of course the girls in that one are very cute .
15	Here we have a rather unattractive lead actress and that does not help things .
27	If you find the lead in your adult film unappealing there is no amount of artistic vision that is going to make me enjoy the film .
21	The sex scenes range from yuck to bizarre ... I mean there is a snake in one of them people .
22	So for me this movie just fails as it does not excite me at all , but rather turns me off .
6	This film is too skeletal .
33	It 's a fairly low-budget film ( I hope ! ) which excuses it somewhat , but the lack of a decent cast and a fleshed out plot hurts it too much .
48	Phillips is quite believable in his role as a torn-apart son of a well-off family who 's searching for himself ( though his family is ... er ... well , a little too white ... ) , but the rest of the cast is grasping at straws .
13	Dakota ( 1988 ) was another early Lou Diamond Phillips starring vehicle .
11	This film is similar to the later released film Harley .
12	There are a few differences but they are both the same .
9	I do not know which one came first .
12	I guess it will remain one of the mysteries of life .
17	But they both are troubled " kids " who are trying to turn there lives around .
8	Instead of bikes this one involves horses .
14	They are basically the same movie and they are both cheesy as hell .
16	If you are a serious L.D.P. fan then I recommend that you watch them both .
18	You get some extreme mugging and posturing from L.D.P. if you are game then go for it .
10	Not recommended , except for L.D.P. fans ! ! !
18	I will never be a member of any club that would have me , especially this one .
20	Starr Andreeff is a single mom / stripper who gets attacked by a female vampire and left for dead .
30	She begins to get a hankering for blood , and meets up with John Savage , looking like he 's wondering where he left Michael Cimino 's phone number .
44	Savage is also a vampire and wants to let Andreef join his little vampire family , which consists of a British vamp , the blonde vamp who attacked Starr , and a green haired midget ( I am not making this up ) .
20	The family does not want Starr , so they try to kill Savage and Starr and Starr 's kid .
12	Someone forgot to tell John Savage that this was a drama .
36	He spends most of his screen time exhibiting more facial tics than Hugh Grant on a Jolt Cola bender , and he reads all of his lines like he is making a Farrelly Brothers film .
46	Andreeff tries to make the most of a badly written role , but screenwriter / director Ruben goes for all the vampire cliches , like Starr eating her son 's pet hamster and buying a lot of raw meat to fight the craving for blood .
21	The kid also gets knocked around a lot , for those who think watching violence against children is really entertaining .
36	The film is extra gory , but not in a wild , over the top way like " Killer Tongue . " Here , the gore is gross and never justified , it just occurs .
7	It is just in the budget .
25	Most of the R rating goes to Andreeff 's coworkers , who are put through embarassing strip routines in the background of conversation scenes .
8	The budget does not include vampire fangs !
11	All the vampires here must stab their prey to eat .
50	Nifty idea , unless you have already seen George Romero 's " Martin . " Even at 77 minutes , and once you throw in Ruben 's attempts at arty direction ( skewed frames , blurred scenes ) , this is one tiresome , dull , and dirty ride .
13	Leave this club and take a shower , you will need it .
36	This is rated ( R ) for strong physical violence , gun violence , sexual violence , strong gore , strong profanity , female nudity , sexual references , drug abuse , and adult situations .
23	This is probably the worst movie ever made it is just to bad the name of Roger Corman is associated with it .
26	I could 've understand it in his early years when he had lower budgets but nowadays there is no excuses for giving birth to this !
50	I am a " B " movie pervert and from certain people point of view all the flicks I love are put aside by " regular viewers " but take my word on this one , Vampire club makes the top of my list of the best of worst .
31	It 's hard to Imagine , vampires with no fangs , the music score is totally out of place , the sound effects are just not effective and finally Mr .
32	Savage does not seem to know he is in a vampire movie at all witch is too bad ' cause he had a " not to bad " career over all .
29	Let me know i'f I am to hard on this one cause when I do not like a movie I tend to forget about it 's good side .
5	This movie was horrible .
13	I watched it three times , and not even the whole thing .
20	It 's just impossible to watch , the story line sucks , it 's depressing , and utterly disgusting .
25	I do not write spoilers for anything , so if you want to know why it 's so disgusting , see it for yourself .
25	The only good thing about this movie was John Savage , his dialogue at the beginning , and some funny parts in the movie .
16	The little kid in this movie is annoying , and the whole situation is bullshit .
20	I saw this movie at movie stores around America , so I assumed it would be a good movie .
10	Jesus Christ , was I wrong ! ! ! !
15	The acting is all horrible , and the nudity itself is lame and nasty .
34	Another thing is , Starr Andreef , the other main character , has not been in such bad movies in the past , in fact , she was in some pretty good ones .
5	Same with John Savage .
4	This movie SUCKS !
9	To describe this film as garbage is unfair .
11	At least rooting through garbage can be an absorbing hobby .
8	This flick was neither absorbing nor entertaining .
26	Kevin Bacon can act superbly given the chance , so no doubt had an IRS bill to settle when he agreed to this dire screenplay .
31	The mad scientist story of ' Hollow Man ' has been told before , been told better , and been told without resorting to so many ludicrously expensive special effects .
28	Most of those special effects seem to be built around the transparent anatomical dolls of men , women and dogs you could buy in the early seventies .
30	In the UK they were marketed as ' The Transparent Man ( / Woman / Dog ) ' which is maybe where they got the title for this film .
10	Clever special effects , dire script , non-existent plot .
29	I was watching this with one of my friends , who is a vampire freak , and I was extremely disgusted at the fact that this film exists .
17	This film should be shown to prisoners of war , yes , it 's that bad .
12	Even John McCain would not be able to sit through this .
6	So why the 3/10 rating ?
7	Because it had a vampire midget .
12	Come on , what 's more entertaining than a vampire midget ?
42	There is one scene in this film where John Savage gets laid by saying " I want to feel human again , " and the chick , being the brainless stripper slut she is , lets him " feel human " .
15	I wish I could " feel human " with Jessica Alba or Megan Fox .
7	This is a movie for stoners .
9	There is bright flashy objects and random movements .
13	All in all , do not waste your money on this garbage .
34	I got it for free when I was walking down the street with my friend and we saw a garbage barrel full of video tapes and a sign that said " free " .
16	So , in a way , I did not get ripped off , but still ...
7	This movie is just plain terrible .
16	Poor John Savage had to stoop this low in order to be in another movie .
36	He stars as a rare type of vampire that is to help a lady that looks like a washed out and thrown in the streets hooker that is a dancer at a local strip club .
34	She acidently tastes a drop of blood from another dancer who happens to be one of those rare vampires as they get carried away making out on the floor of the dressing room .
33	Savage is then assigned by a short leader of this rare vampire breed that looks like a cross between 80 's punk rock and one of the Olsen twins with purple hair .
29	This movie just gets all to crazy with Savage rapping and dancing with a midget with a tattooed spider on his head , also one of the rare .
15	He quotes the Elephant Man and Jimmy Durante and I just had to laugh .
5	This just gets rediculas .
27	And then the most gross special effects that they could come up with is Corri throwing up her organs and pulling them out of her mouth .
11	And you can tell that that is all to fake .
25	Her son does not know what to do with his moms new identity and becomes more of a pest than an object of serenity .
18	I enjoy a good vampire film , believe me I do but I just HATED this one .
5	Avoid this one ! !
8	Absolutely unwatchable , lowest quality film making .
10	This film makes " Show Girls " look good .
5	The acting is insufferable .
9	The cinematography gives a bad name to amateurism .
12	No wonder it went right to video and bypassed the theaters .
9	This film was not released ... it escaped .
23	If there was a God , he would have made sure this movie stayed in the toilet were it was crapped up .
13	This is BY FAR the worst vampire movie I have ever seen .
13	I may never watch a vampire film again because of this movie .
11	It makes Zombie Lake look like The Sound of Music .
13	This must be one of the most overrated Spanish films in history .
23	Its lack of subtlety and complexity and its total political correction make it really childish , with only good / bad characters .
22	The world is just not like this , and good movies show complex characters with opposite impulses , dilemmas , etc .
16	However , what I HATE most about this film is Bola 's friend 's father .
45	The director tries to teach us a good lesson : tattoo artists with shaved heads are not always bad guys , in fact they can be better than the average looking dad ( wow , this is like ... philosophy , or something ) .
5	Thank you , Achero .
11	I will propose you for the Nobel prize of literature .
14	Unfortunately , it is ruined by too much melodrama and an impossible time-line .
22	The movie concerns a missile from space that is attacked by the Soviets and inadvertently diverted into a low atmospheric orbit .
44	At under five miles and at a speed in excess of 4,000 miles , it emits an exhaust of a million degrees , burning up everything on the ground , including glaciers , Distant Early Warning ( DEW ) line bases and Eskimos .
8	Every attempt at destroying the missile fails .
10	The first flaws in this film appear early on .
22	While we do not expect much from low-budget films , some things can not be forgotten -- like a little research .
22	For instance , both the Soviets and the US fire anti-ballistic missiles that home in on the missile with unerring accuracy .
18	However , the first successful ABM tests were not done until March of 1961 by the Russians .
6	There is too much melodrama .
27	Dr. Loring ( Loggia ) and his assistant Joan Woods ( Ellen Parker ) play their romance with about as much wood as a log cabin .
18	Parker 's character cries and boo-hoos at Loggia 's sacrifice like she was at a screen test .
10	Loggia is about as heroic as a bored businessman .
20	A scientist ( Phillip Pine ) hams it up so much he makes William Shatner look like a thespian .
13	A bus driver continually spits out end-of-the-world crap in scene after scene .
23	The only good actor is the film narrator , played by veteran character actor Lawrence Dobkins ( " Naked City " ) .
14	All of this could be overlooked if it was not for the time-line .
19	After the missile 's info is sent to DC , the Pentagon brings in a group of scientists .
19	A general ( Larry Kerr ) announces that the missile will hit New York City in 63 minutes .
38	After this , there are discussions by scientists and there is a deadly lull as word is sought from ambassadors to see if the missile is an attack from the Russians and if a response is necessary .
9	The film shows the military being fully scrambled .
11	Civil Defense people leave work and go to their stations .
47	Eight million people scramble to fallout shelters while school buses pick up millions of kids ( and we get to see the whitest New York City I have ever seen , though watching 50 's sci-fi films made it seems like this was the standard ) .
12	The press is kept in the dark for tens of minutes .
22	Then , incredibly , a man at the Pentagon announces that the missile will hit Ottawa , Canada in 51 minutes !
10	All of the aforementioned action happened in 12 minutes !
21	Then , to add fuel to the fire , Loggia somehow thinks of a way to stop the alien missile .
30	He slowly produces a caseload of plutonium , loads it in a jeep and takes it from DC to a distant missile base to put it atop a missile .
22	Along the way , he is knocked off the road by a wild driver , breaks down and then is carjacked .
16	He finally gets the plutonium back and drives to the base to arm the missile .
11	Again , all this in the same 63-minute time frame .
28	The movie also irks the viewer by making it seem as if Ottawa might be saved , only to show men , women and children get roasted .
14	The missile is then said to have five minutes to reach New York .
15	Loggia is still driving to the base ( 4 more miles to go ) .
17	He gets to the base and arms the missile , a two-minute countdown is then announced .
5	All within five minutes .
12	The boroughs of New York should have been at least scorched .
14	By the way , the missile is destroyed if you have not guessed .
12	The ABM warhead destroys it with a massive plutonium-based nuclear blast .
12	Five seconds later , the blast dissipates and all is clear .
22	Yeah , they caused a nuclear blast equivalent to 100 Hiroshimas on the outskirts of New York City and nothing happens .
18	The film had all the elements necessary to be a good B film , but wasted them .
18	Loggia played his character so lamely you did not care that he sacrificed himself in the end .
18	You did not care about the other characters , not even the smarmy scientist played by Pine .
33	The tension that should have moved the film along just was not physically possible in the time-line allowed ( it still would not be today , not even with Jack Bauer ) .
8	This film is very difficult to find .
19	As far as I know , it has not been re-issued on any medium and for good reason .
48	I do not know if the film meant to be or if it was standard practice , but there is a scene where the government sends all of the best scientists , military men and businessmen into deep shelters , saying they are too valuable to lose .
12	There is not a single woman or minority in the bunch .
20	Hari Rhodes is the only black man in the film and he gets a brief bit playing a piano .
33	It was worse than " 27 Days " where an alien gives five Earthlings the chance to either save or destroy the planet and he does not include any blacks or Hispanics .
23	I saw this on a special Sci-fi night on Turner Classic Movies and I do not expect it to show up again .
22	If you do find a copy of this somewhere , you might want to put it up on Amazon . com .
45	The story idea behind THE LOST MISSILE is not bad at all , but unfortunately the story does get a bit dull towards the middle and the overuse of stock footage as well as poor special effects sink this film to the sub-par level .
11	The film begins with a missile heading towards the Earth .
20	In a panic because it 's about to strike the Earth , the Soviets manage to deflect the object .
36	This is not necessarily good , however , as this seemingly unmanned craft has a vapor trail that destroys everything in its path AND the ship is now in a low orbit over the planet .
25	In other words , with each pass it makes , a swath of death follows -- one that could potentially kill us all ! !
45	So , it 's up to the good scientists of the US ( led by a very young and hardly recognizable Robert Loggia ) to formulate and plan to save us -- and especially save New York that is in its immediate flight path !
50	Unfortunately , they are not able to save Ottawa ( I have never been there , so I can not say whether or not this is a big loss ) but thanks to good old American know-how , they are able to eventually destroy this harbinger of destruction ! !
17	So , as you can see , the story idea is not bad and rather original .
24	But , so many old clips of fighter planes and guys manning radar scopes gets a bit old and it seemed like padding .
27	Overall , a decent but hardly inspired film that extreme fans of the genre may like -- all others , see it at your own risk .
12	My inflicting that turkey on loving relatives was a self-punishing crime .
9	The film 's production values were very good .
25	The acting is not bad ( apart from the Shatnerism of the actor who played governor 's aide that someone else here mentioned ) .
42	But the idea of a missile Easy-Baking the surface of the Earth by means of the heat of its exhaust ... no. How 'd the people at " Mystery Science Theater 3000 " miss " The Lost Missile , " anyway ?
22	It 's a great classic of unintentional comedy - watch it if you want something to drink beer to some weekend .
10	Really it 's a dreadful cheat of a film .
12	Its 70-minute running time is very well padded with stock footage .
11	The rest are non descript exteriors and drab interiors scenes .
8	The plot exposition is very poorly rendered .
11	They are all just perfunctory scenes sort of strung together .
21	There is no attempt at drama in scene selection but rather drama is communicated by the intensity of the actors .
5	Please do not ask .
21	The plot concerns a rocket radiating a million degree heat orbiting earth five miles up threatening to destroy the earth .
28	It 's a real time menace that must be diverted if a custom built H-bomb can be fashioned and placed in an experimental rocket within an hour .
48	Nothing very much here to report except for a mad speech by a scientist against the project because there might be some sort of life aboard and think of the scientific possibilities but this speech made by the obligatory idiot liberal was pretty much passé by then .
13	What saves this film , somewhat uniquely , IS the stock footage .
17	I have never seen a larger selection of fifties jet fighter aircraft in any other film .
19	This is by no means a complete list but just some of the aircraft I managed to see .
21	There is a brief interception by a pilot flying , in alternate shots , an F-89 Scorpion and an F-86 .
31	First to scramble interceptors is the Royal Canadian Air Force in Hawker Hunters and F-86 Sabre Jets ( or Canadian built CF-13s ) and even a pair of CF-100 Clunks .
17	Then for some reason there are B-52s , B-47s and even B36s are seen taking off .
16	More padding . " These Canadian jets are moving at 1200 miles an hour " .
22	I do not think so since one of them appears to be a WW2 era Gloster Meteor , the rest F-80s .
24	The Meteors press the attack and one turns into a late F-84F with a flight of early straight wing F-84s attacking in formation .
34	There is a strange tandem cockpit version of the F-80 that does not seem to be the T-33 training type but some sort of interim all-weather interceptor variant with radar in the nose .
7	These are scrambled in a snowstorm .
12	An angled deck aircraft carrier is seen from about 500 meters .
14	It launches F-8U Crusaders , F-11F Tigers , A-5 Vigilantes and A-3 Skywarriors .
29	The Air Force scrambles F-86s and F-84s and more F-89s then you have ever seen in your life as well as F-100 Super Sabres and F-102 Delta Daggers .
10	The F-100s press their attack with sooooo much padding .
38	The F-89 's unload their rockets in their wingtip pods in slo mo. The F-86s fire , an F-102 lets loose a Falcon , even some F-80s ( F-94s ? ) with mid-wing rocket pods let loose .
9	How it strayed into here is anybodies guess .
47	There is other great stock footage of Ottawa in the old days when the capital of Canada was a wide spot in the road and especially wonderful footage of New York City 's Times Square during one of the Civil Defense Drills in the early 50s .
39	I think we also have to deal with the notion that this was filmed in Canada with the possible exception of the auto chase seen late in the picture as the Pacific seems to be in the background .
21	The use of a Jowett Jupiter is somewhat mind-boggling and there is a nice TR 3 to be seen also .
17	Canada must have been cheap and it is rather gratuitously used a lot in the background .
36	As far as the actual narrative of the film there is little to recommend it other than the mystery of just who Ellen Parker is giving the finger to at the end of the picture .
9	And she most definitely is flipping someone off .
10	Could it be , R as in Robert Loggia ?
10	The director who dies before this film was released ?
9	Her career as this was her last credit ?
16	Its like the newspaper the gift came wrapped in was more valuable than the gift .
15	I had never heard of this one before it turned up on Cable TV .
18	It 's very typical of late 50s sci-fi : sober , depressing and not a little paranoid !
21	It pains me to write such a scathing review but by not doing so I am simply encouraging these people .
22	First off , just because a film is made on a small budget does not automatically make it good nor endearing .
36	In fact in this case , the small budget is probably the films sole achievement in that it prevented large sums of money from being squandered on a one legged race horse with the shits .
10	Have you ever seen a comedy at the theatre ?
15	Ever heard people laugh and thought " what the dickens are you on " ?
8	Well even these twats were not laughing .
15	Things got so bad by mid way my cat took his first ever bath .
22	This is not film , this is children .... no monkeys making images that leave you feeling like moving to France .
12	Got to go , there is a clown at my door .............
9	Another violent , angry fantasy from Paul Verhoeven .
27	Verhoeven is a puzzle : it 's difficult to tell whether he takes his sordid impulses seriously , with sardonic intent or operates in complete oblivion .
36	He also seems completely ignorant of the fact that all the brilliant visuals in the world ( and this has some outstanding ones ) can not hide a negligence to story , dialogue and performance .
20	Kevin Bacon plays a corrupt scientist who has discovered invisibility and uses it to drive himself into moral bankruptcy .
43	Bacon is normally a likable actor who occasionally shows his dark side ( ` The River Wild ' ) in an attempt to offset his boyish looks ; given the material , however , Bacon is not nearly hateful enough to compel .
34	The other principals are Elisabeth Shue and Josh Brolin , neither of whom are gifted enough to make a solid impression and who , when forced to deliver inane dialogue , embarrass themselves .
15	The climax is a study in preponderance and disbelief has to be truly suspended .
28	Oh dear . good cast , but to write and direct is an art and to write wit and direct wit is a bit of a task .
14	Even doing good comedy you have to get the timing and moment right .
21	Im not putting it all down there were parts where i laughed loud but that was at very few times .
22	The main focus to me was on the fast free flowing dialogue , that made some people in the film annoying .
24	It may sound great while reading the script in your head but getting that out and to the camera is a different task .
16	And the hand held camera work does give energy to few parts of the film .
31	Overall direction was good but the script was not all that to me , but I am sure you was reading the script in your head it would sound good .
2	Sorry .
38	I hate to be the one to rain on a parade ( even a small one like this ) but from the very first scene , you could tell this film was going to be absolute shite .
15	Its a shame really , as I quite like Martin Freeman and Danny dyer .
29	I was intrigued as to how they would mix in a film together , but to my dismay , they did not even have a scene together ! !
36	I think I need to repeat this - The two lead actors ( who stand side by side on the advertisement posters and DVD covers ) did not have one scene together ! ! ! !
17	They did not speak to each other and never appeared on screen at the same time .
11	Just about sums up this poor excuse for a movie .
3	False advertisement .
18	The dialogue was painful , every single character in the movie was unrealistic , and un-human like .
9	This low budget stinker was an epic fail .
19	Even Danny Dyer could not inject some humour and charm into this , but bless , he tried .
6	What a waste of time .
15	How anybody could rate this movie as ' ten stars ' is beyond me .
3	Ten Stars ?
2	Seriously ?
25	Come on .... I will not even give some of the greats ten stars , as ten stars implies that a movie was perfect .
20	This film was far from perfect , almost the opposite , meaning that it was almost completely dire throughout .
33	Watch it if you like , but if you have seen a lot of movies , and watched a lot of great movies , your review will probably similar to mine . 1/10
30	Almost from the word go this film is poor and lacking conviction but then again most people would struggle to show commitment to a script as uninspiring as this .
22	The dialogue really does not flow and sometimes as in this case more is less ( or should have been ) .
33	This is also backed-up by odd scenes ( e.g. the Cemetry slow-motion walk ) that you think might lead somewhere but only seem to waste a few more seconds of your life .
43	The plot is a strange combination of gangster / situation comedy which I am sure seemed a good idea at the time but if ever there was a case for someone needing to be honest with the scriptwriter then here was it .
37	Martin Freeman is okay but then he seems to have one character which always plays so I am beginning to wonder if he was given a script or just filmed and told to react as normal .
4	Finally - humour .
38	This reminds me of the ' Python ( I think ) quote about Shakespere , of his ' comedies ' - If he had meant it to be humorous he would have put a joke in it .
7	Well I did not see one .
27	Do not waste your time - I did because I was watching it with a friend and kept hoping that it was going to get better .
4	It did not .
28	I have no idea what the producers of The Shield were trying to do , but the result speaks for itself : The Shield is practically unwatchable .
29	Supposedly the performances on The Shield are great ... In reality , the show is so badly put together that you can not even really see the performances .
18	For instance , the editing cuts away from reaction shots before they have had their full impact .
22	I do not know what intellectual rationale there is for that , but it robs the show of all emotional impact .
25	I will give The Shield one point for ambition in its subject matter , but that 's pretty much all I can give it .
21	It 's a shame to see a number of talented performer waste their gift on something so strangely badly filmed .
46	To sat how awful The Shield is , you 'd have to write pages and pages , so suffice it to say that it is a monument to bad directing . " When Directors Go Awry " should have been the title of this production .
23	Indeed , directors are supposed to infuse their work with a sense of visual style and story-telling that propels the story forward .
17	How is constantly shaking the camera and playing with the zoom lens a " style " ?
8	How is it propelling the story forward ?
14	Of course there is also the " editing by random numbers " nonsense .
10	Apparently it 's become hip to just cut randomly .
12	I guess it 's too much work to do good editing .
30	Well , that made it too much work for most people to watch The Shield which languished as one of the most over-hyped and unwatched shows of all time .
14	More than any other show , THE SHIELD is about hypocrisy and self-delusion .
47	Unfortunately , the hypocrites and self-deluders are the shows heroes , and as such have the typical genre-fiction heroes ' improbable immunity to getting defeated or caught and they come out on top over and over again , making fools out of all of their peers .
6	The show boasts excellent camera-work .
11	The lead ins and the fade outs are always superb .
10	It really is a work of art to see .
20	Unfortunately the story is a cartoony , overwrought wish fulfillment scenario of gratuitous violence , rape , and lies .
46	If another cop detects something wrong with something he 's doing , and someone gets hurt because of his actions , he always blames the suspicious cop , regardless of the fact that his schemes and elaborate lies and doomed plans are always the cause .
3	Every time .
21	Like 24 , this show relies on contrivances and innumerable delays to drag its story out for season after season .
40	Boring , unbelievable long term stories are injected into the storyline every season to provide a skeleton on which to hang the bloody , perverted chunks of meat that are the characters ' corrupt acts and the inevitable cover-ups .
31	Most disappointing though , is the writers ' hubris as they try to change the viewers ' sympathies back and forth , to and away form the characters on whims .
12	Sometimes , they want us to see Shane as the enemy .
13	Sometimes they want us to see him as a poor misunderstood soul .
14	Sometimes they want us to see Vic as a dangerous , sexual dynamo .
17	Sometimes they want us to see him as a poor guy with a heart of gold .
14	Sometimes they want us to see Mara as a low down vile Jezebel .
28	Then they think that if they show her sitting and talking over her dreams with Shane , that we will find her to be sympathetic and tragic .
15	None of this manipulation is adequate to obtain the kinds of sympathies they want .
20	Once they have shown these characters ruin other people 's lives for their own ends , that 's it .
12	It is nonsense to keep trying to flip back and forth .
42	But then , it is also nonsense to produce seven seasons of these bumbling clowns drawing every super model in existence to their beds and running a crime syndicate right out of the police station , right under everyone 's noses .
26	A model named Laura is working in South America when she is kidnapped from her hotel room by a gang and taken into the jungle .
9	They demand a huge ransom for her release .
30	Peter is hired to get her home safe and there is a bonus in it for him if he can bring back the money as well as the girl .
12	Peter is taken to the jungle by helicopter with friend Jack .
28	They try to give the kidnappers fake money in return for Laura but the plan goes horribly wrong and they have to bail out in the helicopter .
20	The helicopter is shot and they also have to bail from that ( not going well so far ) .
10	Also roaming the jungles is a devil of sorts .
17	In reality its just a naked black guy with weirdly big eyes and a breathing problem .
20	He starts to kill a few of the kidnappers and Laura escapes only to be captured by some primitives .
13	The rest of the film is a bit of a blur really .
42	Now I am not a massive Jess Franco fan , in fact to date this is only the second film of his I have seen , but even I can tell that this really is not one of his best efforts .
15	The films drags along at a pretty slow pace without much at all happening .
17	The whole thing could have been edited down quite easily into a 25 minute TV show .
22	There are plenty of overly long shots of people walking through the jungle that could have just been lifted straight out .
35	Devil Hunter is poorly lit ( Infact I do not think it was lit at all ) , badly dubbed , poorly acted and slow yet for some reason it did not bore me .
17	I think the main reason for this was some of the hilariously bad scenes in it .
33	For example a scene where Laura is walking in the street was obviously shot in a real street as crowds of people stop to stare straight at the camera as its shooting .
35	Another funny scene has one of the gang who has been killed , hung in a tree dripping blood as one of his friends stands directly under him screaming for what seems like minutes .
22	Then for no reason at all the man in the trees head just falls of and hits the guy under him .
9	It has to be seen to be believed .
9	Then of course there is the actual devil .
22	It is just some naked black guy who despite the fact he has massive eyes , he has very blurry vision .
24	The film was hooked up in part of the video nasty scare in the 80 's here in the UK and was banned .
9	Now why it was I have no idea .
15	There is very little gore at all and it 's hardly a shocking film .
17	Minus the nudity I would have said that it could get away with a PG almost .
27	The only thing I can think of is that it was never actually watched and was added to the original list because of word of mouth .
19	There is not much reason to watch this film really unless you are a massive Jess Franco fan .
48	There is plenty of nudity to keep you from falling asleep and also some scenes that are so bad you can have a good laugh at them but other wise I would say just pay for a ticket to South America and get lost in a jungle .
8	It would probably be more fun . 3/10
40	I consider myself to be a bit of a snob when it comes to everything and although the cinematic experience is more suited to explosions than high drama , I can be very stuck up about films , too .
13	Not all art films , however , are better than King Kong .
15	I quite possibly would give Kong two stars , double this film 's haul .
26	My guess is that people got so excited about this because it was almost identical in style to what you can see in a play .
19	For the less discerning art-buff , a film that looks like a play is ' great art ' .
8	This film , however , was useless .
12	There was hardly any story so it relied on high drama .
18	The only drama in this film was whether the cat would drop off the roof or not .
9	So , deep and meaningful dialogue , then ?
4	No. Great acting ?
2	Hardly .
31	To be excessively fair : Some of the scenery was interesting , though : Communist flats , city vistas ( Petersburg ? ) and the Soviet trams still in service .
6	Like wearing a hair shirt .
17	Positively , absolutely , without a shadow of a doubt one of the worst movies ever .
3	Pure torture .
6	Zero stars out of ten .
20	One long , tedious , labored , pretentious , self-conscious , theatrical , and leadenly artsy scene after another .
19	Intended to be dreamlike and impressionistic , the soul bared , it is , instead , morose mush .
25	Half-naked , father and son grope and whisper to each other like lovers . " Homo-erotic " is the point , loud and clear .
5	OK , so what ?
21	This is nowhere near as accomplished or compelling as Sokurov 's last , " Russian Ark " ( 2003 ) .
27	As in his " Mother and Son , " an equally powerful soporific , some scenes are filmed from distorting mirrors , though not as interestingly .
25	The film is almost monochromatic , shot from start to finish through beige filters , making it as visually as it is dramatically numbing .
10	A soft-focus haze only adds to the drugged feeling .
15	An annoying soundtrack drones on , never shuts up , like a tape loop .
9	An old radio constantly plays in the background .
22	It all seems as arbitrary as traffic , as if improvised by bored actors , popping out of nothingness into nothingness .
44	Modern art has finally succeeded in signifying the thing without being the thing , so that what we behold is the idea of the idea , empty as a shell , but not even a shell , merely the idea of a shell .
10	Could one ask for a better definition of decadence ?
17	This film is beautiful to look at , but is like watching really bad experimental theater .
14	The plot ( if there was one ) does not make any sense .
8	But it is very " artistic " .
16	Lots of shots of half-dressed actors wrestling and looking deep into each other 's eyes .
13	Lots of arty shots through windows and with people out of frame .
6	Mumbling and people wandering wistfully .
7	Lingering close-ups of faces and bodies .
29	By the time you get to the threesome on the roof with the cat , you will be ready to throw a bottle of KY at the screen .
37	It is supposed to be about a father and son 's relationship , but you will just be wishing the two of them would just f * $ & each other and get it over with .
22	If you have always wanted to see bad Russian gay porn without any money shots , your wish has been granted .
20	Shortly after seeing this film I questioned the mental competence of every actor and actress that accepted a role .
16	Elizabeth Shue is a commendable actress , why would she embrace such an overrated opportunity ?
11	I must give credit where credit is due , though .
30	Some moments in the movie were unpredictable and rather transfixing , but they hardly made up for the scathing perverse tendencies of Kevin Bacon 's character , Sebastian Caine .
23	I would not recommend this movie to anyone , man or woman , that has any form of self-respect to account for .
19	The film begins with promise , but lingers too long in a sepia world of distance and alienation .
22	We are left hanging , but with nothing much else save languid shots of grave and pensive male faces to savour .
12	Certainly no rope up the wall to help us climb over .
13	It 's a shame , because the concept is not without merit .
36	We are left wondering why a loving couple - a father and son no less - should be so estranged from the real world that their own world is preferable when claustrophobic beyond all imagining .
27	This loss of presence in the real world is , rather too obviously and unnecessarily , contrasted with the son having enlisted in the armed forces .
14	Why not the circus , so we can at least appreciate some colour ?
34	We are left with a gnawing sense of loss , but sadly no enlightenment , which is bewildering given the film is apparently about some form of attainment not available to us all .
12	From a plot and movement standpoint , this movie was terrible .
24	I found myself looking at the clock in theater hoping it would end and relieved after 80 long minutes that it mercifully did .
38	Basically , five characters appear in the movie , A Son & Father , son 's girl friend , and two male characters of the son 's age who appear and then disappear without context or explanation .
22	The movie and scenes seemed to suggest homo-eroticism , but nothing ever actually happened to reveal this one way or another .
8	There were a couple of brilliant scenes .
28	At the beginning of the movie , the son 's girl friend shows up at a window outside his room and they engage in an odd conversation .
29	The photography and acting lent an incredible seductiveness to the interaction between the two , ending with her admitting to having another man who was " older " .
5	End of that story .
21	Set in South Africa , a young black guy tries to land a part in a ' gangsta ' movie .
28	But with no knowledge of street life , he 's told to find out what that life is really like or he will not get the part .
35	He manages to work his way into a gang led by an old friend of his from school and his chances of appearing in the film decline as he commits crimes to be accepted .
28	But for the gang 's leader , the burgeoning disaster of his new friend 's life suggests a golden opportunity to do something better with his own .
12	While that may sound relatively interesting , it 's anything but .
32	The first half of it is incredibly meandering and tedious , while the " hijacking " only takes place towards the end with some very poorly executed low speed car chases .
24	In those " chases " , only two police cars are used , both of which are early 90 's Nissan Sunny 's .
16	This now leads me onto the characters and the acting , which are equally bad .
25	The aforementioned kid who drives the car , looks about 13 years old and supposedly is extremely skilled at losing the incredibly inept police .
17	Everybody else is equally unconvincing , so much that they even look bored at times themselves .
32	At the closing scene of the movie , our main character ( " Sox Moraka " ) is asked by the gang leader to steal a car from a car park .
27	While having trouble opening it , the Police arrive and ask him what he 's doing and he replies by telling him it 's their car .
24	After a brief argument they try to arrest him and he then holds the Police at gunpoint and jumps back in their car .
16	After he 's in , the Police return fire and in turn he gets wounded .
21	After another pathetic chase sequence , they decide to abandon the car and set it alight to destroy any evidence .
20	What follows here is one of the most downright laughable and hideously awful special effects I have ever seen .
25	When the car " explodes " , superimposed flames suddenly appear from every window with awful sound effects that are not even in time .
30	It 's so badly done and so phony looking that it 's hard to even put it into words , and really needs to be seen to be believed .
12	If you watch it in slow motion it looks even funnier .
12	I have seen better effects than this in murder reconstruction documentaries .
9	The car is a Volkswagen Golf MK2 GTi .
26	Something that would not be worth a huge amount at all , and they seriously could not afford to destroy it with a real explosion ?
14	I 'd love to know how large the budget for this movie was .
28	It feels so cheap that I am surprised it made it outside of South Africa , and even more surprised it made it to a DVD release .
11	I know it 's not a big budget Hollywood production .
13	Overall , I most certainly do NOT advise you to watch this .
36	If you want to have a laugh and see one of the most poorly done , low budget messes of amovie ever created , then I 'd recommend it for that , and only that .
26	It is a wretched , poorly made , poorly edited , poorly paced and tedious piece of low budget drivel that fails on all counts .
33	I have seen many South African movies , including lots of cheap NuImage / Nu-World action pictures , and despite their cheesiness , they are far better than this on all counts .
9	What an insult to the SA film industry !
7	I have seen better SA films .
23	The comments I read about Hijack Stories , by saying it is worthy of a ten out of ten is quite scary .
49	A movie 's rating should not depend on . . , " OH , A MOVIE FROM A DEVELOPING COUNTRY . LETS BOOST THEIR INDUSTRY BY SAYING NICE THINGS ABOUT THEIR WORK , EVEN THOUGH IT IS BAD . " We have the expertise to make good movies .
18	Do not judge the film industry on what people say how great they think Hijack Stories is .
15	We can tell great stories such as Cry the beloved Country and Shaka Zulu .
12	Cry the beloved Country I will give 9 out of 10 .
19	Great directing by Darryl , great acting by two great elderly actors , irrespective from where they are .
13	Hijack Stories . . , I will give 1 out of 10 .
16	It could only be people involved in the project who would give it high scores .
12	I would 've done the same if it was my movie .
45	***** WARNING , MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS WHICH WILL BE MORE ENTERTAINING THAN THIS TRIPE . **** Heres some good advise to anyone living in the U.K. Whenever Channel 5 has an old 80 's comedy on late at night , read a book instead .
25	I am currently in the process of recovering from a seizure , due to reading some of the comments on this film on here .
16	I am actually shocked at the fact that someone actually said this film was realistic !
17	But in all aspects , this film is not just awful , its teeth grindingly terrible .
22	I have never been a fan of Bill Murray , and its rubbish like this that justify my feelings towards him .
21	Do not get me wrong , I loved Ghostbuster 's , which was made only three years after this film .
9	But this just sums Bill Murray up really .
40	I can safely say that I have not wasted my time so blatantly like this since seeing the first running of Operation Delta Force over here , though these two films have more in common than you would think .
18	For 1 thing , they both have terrible action sequences from beginning to end , and 2nd .
11	They are both riddled with cheesy Cliché 's , throughout .
18	Heres one thing , these guys are supposed to be in the " U. S Army " .
29	Yet they are allowed to wallow around their Camp , Willy nilly , seducing female Military Police Officers , and subsequently shagging them silly in the Generals Quarters .
4	Talk about Random !
11	This film is just terrible for this I am afraid .
48	The fact that one tatty haired , fat lipped bum ( Winger ) and his hapless sidekick Ramis can simply sweet talk themselves into into the MP 's underwear , to which they fall madly in love with the two of them is nothing short of ludicrous .
43	Leading to loud mouthed Murray paying tribute to the " Giant Toe , " ( WTF ? ) ' Drill Seargent ' who honestly could not organise a pi $ $ up in a brewery , let alone his band of recruits .
33	All this scene serves to do is to prelude loads of fight scenes , with people saying " way to go ass hole ' ! " all the time , etc etc .
29	All of this to the immense pleasure of their two Girlfriends on the stand , who really should 've been arresting them ... Everyone laughs it off though .
9	This bit is nothing short of amazing though .
27	To which the Hapless Captain ( John Larroquette ) then finds out and leads the Squad of fresh recruits on a retrieval Mission for this vehicle .
21	With them coming back as National Heroes , humiliating the Russians by calling them " pussies , " etc etc .
3	The end .
3	Thats right .
6	No Courts Martial , nothing .
28	They only just stole a prototype Military vehicle , drove it into a Warsaw Pact country and almost caused an International incident which could 've sparked WW3 !
14	This film is honestly more fun that being diagnosed with a terminal illness .
26	I know its meant to be a Comedy , it got all the right actors for it , but where in the hell is it ?
8	Have Channel 5 cuts those bits out ?
49	The only redeeming feature in this film is the repetitive use of naked women taking showers , and female Mud Wrestling . ( like I said , Random ) Not that it helps to divert from the fact that this is an utterly crap film , of course .
31	This film should realistically be aimed at immature 9 year old 's , sadly , we have to watch it instead . 1 star out of 10 - Total Tripe .
13	My advice , do something a little more useful with your time .
4	Like Castrating yourself ...
8	Possibly not , but it is awful .
8	Even the fantastic cast cant save it .
27	OK , I admit it started off quite funny but it seemed to plummet downhill as soon as they jumped those girls in the Generals house .
40	Bill Murray turned from being a quick witted , humorous guy into an arsehole who was shouting things at people in the street that just were not funny , its like he was trying too hard to be funny .
36	His character stole a weapon ( an RV ? come on ... ) and ends up being a national hero after invading another country and killing god knows how many soldiers , for a laugh .
29	One good point is that this film shows the inadequacy and incompetence of the US Army and shows how arrogant and imbecilic they really are , albeit unintentionally .
15	I actually felt disgusted that this kind of propaganda crap could really be released .
15	Well , the verdict is in and " Stripes " is a bad movie .
41	Now , " Stripes " may have been innovative comedy in the early 80s , and it may appeal to people who have gone through basic training or who are Bill Murray fans , but its still a bad movie .
5	Why is it bad ?
19	Mostly because " Stripes " is supposed to be a comedy but it 's just not that funny .
13	There are some laughs , but they are few and far between .
19	Most of the movie is consumed by the dramatic plot which is incredibly convoluted and not very interesting .
48	This lack of comedy is especially noticeable if you are used to more contemporary comedies such as " Anchorman " which strive for laughs in every part of the movie . " Stripes " further suffers from Bill Murray and Harold Ramis 's lack of acting ability .
30	Bill Murray is a great comedian but he was not a very compelling dramatic actor at this point in his career , and Harold Ramis is playing Harold Ramis .
18	These two are just not good enough as actors to carry the dramatic arch of the movie .
22	That is quite an outdated movie which aims to showcase the youth 's yearning for freedom in some dehumanizing British school .
21	Oh yes it 's like in the army , you learn to obey and do what you are asked to .
23	Yes the young dream of something else but it breaks their dreams and sweeps away their optimism on the threshold of life .
2	Great .
29	Basically that 's how you could sum up the nice intentions in If ... Nice intentions that arouses no cinematographic challenges : the result is a declamatory movie .
8	Do you see how boring I mean ?
26	At least that oldie helped Kubrick cast McDowell in A Clockwork Orange , a movie with a truly powerful social satire and no self-indulgent sentimentalism .
15	You can just imagine every single French leftist worshipping this movie especially the climax .
28	French new wave film makers will also admire the abstract surrealism of some scenes but a mainstream international will dislike it , and many will dislike it intensely
27	I just saw " If  " I can remember the advertisements for the movie from 1968 , so I was interested in finally seeing it .
32	It may be the perspective of an American who never went to a British public school and misses some of the social references , but I thought the movie was awful .
25	For one thing , as others have pointed out , it takes almost the entire movie for the much ballyhooed-at-the-time revolt to break out .
24	For another , whether the last scene is real or imagined , what occurs is not a revolt , but a shooting rampage .
6	There is quite a difference .
24	I know it may be bad form to judge a movie on subsequent events , but one can not avoid doing it here .
27	One person wrote a message board posting asking us not to compare the end of movie to the incidents at Columbine High School and Virginia Tech .
35	But if there is a scintilla of difference between Klebold , Harris and Cho on the one hand and Travis ( Malcom McDowell ) on the other , I simply can not see it .
30	All four of them were under the delusion that their gunfire is going to purify a f ___ - ed up world that they arrogantly take no responsibility for .
21	Which brings me to : why the hell are Travis and his chums even in a school they so despise ?
9	They are adults , or close to it .
28	They are not in a military prison , like the inmates in " The Hill , " a much better British film from about the same time .
33	No one is forcing them to go to College and take beatings from the the whips , except maybe ambitious parents in need of a wake-up about the nature of their sons .
41	If Travis fancies himself the second coming of Lenin ( whose unbearded picture hangs prominently in his room ) he 's free to go out and organize a fitter 's union or work for Michael Foot in the next election .
17	If he wants to be Jack Kerouac , then get on the road and start writing .
19	What possible benefit is he giving the world in joyriding a motorcycle and getting drunk in his room ?
38	Sometimes reviewers have to be like the person who responded to the scene in " Last Tango In Paris " where Brando mopes about having had to go on a date with cow manure on his shoes .
5	So it is here .
36	if .... is the cinematic equivalent of Sgt. Pepper 's : Revered by baby boomers as the pinnacle of creation , and viewed as rather a silly bit of business by preceding and subsequent generations .
23	In fact , many scenes appear so alien and exaggerated as to hint at an inspiration for Pink Floyd 's The Wall .
31	One should never hold personal bias against a film while reviewing , and the cemented date of this film aside , there are a few flaws which others have overlooked .
24	Lindsay Anderson was known to be a fan of Luis Buñuel , on top of generally being too smart for his own good .
31	And despite a straightforward narrative through the first and second acts , the latter portion of the piece it taken hostage by cod Buñuel surrealism and strained attempts at symbolism .
24	Anderson was not capable of this feat due to his over-intelligent cynicism , failing to see that Buñuel was jovial in his work .
32	I have not found a critic whom champions the ' Chaplain in a drawer ' , and am almost certain it still gets sideways looks from those who adore this film .
26	The ending is not so much a concise punch to the established class / values system , as a wet slap on a moving target .
24	The British public school system was firmly for the middle classes ( the upper crust being educated at home by private tutors ) .
31	And the modus operandi of if .... was to check the boxes of public school life which Lindsay believed had been unexplored in film , thereby savaging middle class pretense .
10	Homosexuality , generational cutlery , cold showers et al .
24	In reality , such issues HAD been covered in many other great British films , if .... merely brought them to the fore .
37	The Browning Version was a more oblique damning of such pomp , to name but one . if .... is oddly quaint , and simply can not be viewed with modern ( especially American ) eyes .
25	Kudos to Anderson for avoiding Mick and Kieth in favour of African chant , and a few brownie points for the latent homoerotic overtones .
20	Points deducted for pretension , establishing characters who disappear , and inciting a glib revolution which came to naught .
13	This movie is worth watching if you enjoy marvelling over special effects .
6	There are some interesting visuals .
17	Aside from that , it 's typical nineties / aughties hollywood fare of dazzle without substance .
5	True to the title .
9	It 's not worth picking apart the story .
10	That 's like performing brain surgery on a dinosaur .
9	There is not much there to begin with .
9	It 's nothing original and not very special .
11	So do not go in for the story at all .
6	Just look at the effects .
33	As has been mentioned , it got a little flashy at the end , diluting the purity of great FX treatment of an invisible ( and at times half invisible ) man .
23	However if you ignore the " standard " pyrotechnics , it 's a sight to behold ( or not to behold ) .
19	All in all , it 's a decent FX film worth seeing for that purpose and that alone .
8	Ah , the spirit of ' 68 .
20	The streets of Paris were running wild with rebellion , the hippies were high on the spirit of love .
11	How was Britain marking this age of radicalism and revolution ?
22	Erm , by the looks of it , dear Old Blighty was focusing on making films about boys in boarding schools .
7	If ... contains the evil establishment .
8	It contains the uprising of the oppressed .
27	What it lacks in contrast to the Parisien passion and the hippy headtripping is any sense of excitement , except in its all-out ammo-and-artillery fire ending .
30	Lindsay Anderson 's If ... stars the ever-marvellous Malcolm McDowell as one of three private school pupils who decorate their dorm with photos of Lenin and other left-wing radicals .
30	It 's clearly an anti-establishment movie in its depiction of the evil upper-class oiks who rule the roost and the antiquated autocratic practices of the pish-posh public school standard .
49	What makes If ... unusual though is that for all its radical sympathies , it does not explicitly give us any sense of great tension between human decency and the despotic school system , instead it just kind of floats : lacking in plot and lacking in personality .
43	Surrealist bits fade in and out occasionally and the film slips from black-and-white to colour again ( is it due to the low budget or is it an arty expression ? ) , but there is little of interest to speak of .
25	All we get is the poignant denouement where the young rebels reach for their rifles and shoot down the shady overlords of the establishment .
2	Hooray !
3	A revolution !
20	At last something that demands a second thought unlike the rest of this dull exercise in boarding school daydreaming .
28	If ... could have been a powerful political statement , but as it is it drifts and only gathers any sense of direct interest at the end .
26	Instead of being a testament to the dissident zeitgeist of the late-Sixties , it only succeeds in being a dazed document of upper-class British education .
2	Anarchy ?
24	Apathy more like , the only man many viewers will want to stick it to after watching If ... will be Lindsay Anderson .
28	I have read reviews that apparently you have to have been a student in a very strict , British school in the 1960 's to understand this .
13	Yeah , the main characters could leave , but they do not .
11	The reasons they go about this do not make sense .
10	There is not enough character development to explain why .
20	What shooting up a bunch of innocent people is supposed to mean is never explained or even hinted at .
30	It is mentioned that war is the final creative expression , quite possibly the only revelation that any characters of this movie have , and it makes no sense .
20	The characters who go on a murder spree are not fighting the institution , they are just killing people .
33	It has no moral , symbolic truth , or meaning to it ; this movie simply plays out the fantasy of killing teachers and people in " power " that annoy you .
41	If you think a murder rampage / school shooting similar to columbine or virginia tech is a rational and sensible way to deal with teachers and institutions you do not like , then I guess you will love this movie .
40	If you are like me and you are working towards making a life for yourself instead of just blindly ( very blindly in this movie ) rebelling against " the man " , this movie is juvenile and boring .
24	You can also tell in parts that funding was lacking , and the story seemed to have a touch of attention deficit disorder .
42	All in all , this seems like a very rough draft of what could 've been an okay movie , but no effort is put into the dialogue , character development , or moral so it 's just ... poorly done .
11	If ... only I could get my two hours back .
24	The British Public School system did not evolve solely with the idea of educating the upper classes despite that popular and widespread misconception .
20	It was designed to produce administrators and governors , civil servants and military men to run the British Colonies .
11	These people were almost entirely recruited from the middle classes .
36	When the Public Schools had begun to show their worth the scions of the aristocracy were sent to them rather than be educated at home by tutors and governesses as had previously been the case .
23	They tended to favour the schools nearer " Town " so Eton and Harrow became particularly popular with that class of parent .
16	The vast majority of Public Schools took their pupils from lower down the social scale .
25	Tom Brown , perhaps the most famous Public School pupil ever , was the son of a country parson , not a belted earl .
48	It must be remembered that the so-called " summer of love " was followed by the " October Revolution " a non-event that left a few policemen in London with bruised heads and the U.S. Embassy with one or two broken windows , but achieved absolutely nothing .
28	The film told us nothing new about Public Schools , homosexuality , bullying cold showers , patrician sarcastic teachers , silly traditions . an all-too familiar list .
20	It was declared to be an allegory comparing Britain to the corrupt , crumbling society represented by the school .
14	And do it before the chattering classes succeed in declaring him a non-person .
9	Perhaps somebody should start a revolution about that .
7	This is an extremely boring film .
33	If you grew up during the Vietnam Was , as I did , then you have seen and heard all of the film footage and arguments here a hundred times by now .
15	But what really makes this film boring is the narration by director Carlton Sherwood .
28	The majority of the film is shot with Sherwood talking directly into the camera about his opinion of this conflicting time in the history of our nation .
18	If you are old enough to remember Vietnam , then you will not find anything new here .
19	There is no new evidence to condemn John Kerry or new evidence worthy of another documentary on Vietnam .
18	Younger viewers who are interested in the subject should see George Butler 's excellent film Going Upriver !
23	Stolen Honor was clearly meant to be a hatchet job on John Kerry , but it fails miserably at accomplishing that goal .
12	From the start , you know how this movie will end .
17	It 's so full of clichés your typical NRA member will not even like this movie .
17	I give it 2 out of 10 , only because of the acting of William Benton .
12	I can not believe people voted 6 + for this movie .
19	It 's so biased towards a ' certain point of view ' ( once a thief ... ) .
6	People are not born bad .
6	Neither are they born good .
8	They are born with a clean slate .
14	It 's society , parents and education what makes them who they are .
31	And if they take the wrong turn , somewhere down the line , it certainly is not going to be the American penal system that gets them back on track !
9	Anyway , avoid this movie like the plague .
20	I bet you have better things to do with your time than waste it on this piece of crap .
11	Rarely has such an amazing cast been wasted so badly .
45	Griffin Dunne , Rosanna Arquette , Illeana Douglas , Ethan Hawke , Dennis Hopper , Christopher Walken , and John Turturro , all jumped on board , only to be torpedoed by a script that seems like nothing more than a Hollywood in joke .
27	Attaching Martin Scorsese 's name to this was probably the draw , but the end result is way less than the sum of it 's parts .
42	Resembling a nightmare gone horribly wrong , each scene seems more contrived than the next . " Search and Destroy " is nothing more than abstract , stylish , self indulgent nonsense , and the entire film is decidedly dull .......... MERK
42	Sadly , the resulting film - which the ads claimed was ' nine times more suspenseful ' than " Bird " - is a disappointing follow-up , impeccably photographed and stylishly executed , but too plodding and aimless for general consumption .
28	But despite these flashes of brilliance , the film rambles aimlessly from one scene to the next , simmering gently without ever really coming to the boil .
27	It 's no surprise that " Cat " failed to emulate the runaway success of " Bird " when released in 1971 . ( English version )
40	While not quite as monstrously preposterous as later works , this slow-moving , repetitive giallo offers some nice touches in the first half , but grows more and more lethargic and silly as it stumbles to its lame denouement .
19	Few films have left me with such a feeling of unease , and this is not a compliment .
10	At the end I felt like taking a shower .
5	No credits to the director
18	The buzz for this film has always been about the fabulous graphics that make Kevin Bacon disappear .
6	Sadly , they stopped there .
24	They should have continued to make the script disappear , then the silly set , and finally every visible element of this film .
10	Because , there is nothing else there to show .
15	Gary Thompson and Andrew Marlowe are listed as the writing credits for this film .
8	I do not really think they exist .
29	I think they bought this script at " Scripts-R-Us " , where you buy a standard blank " Monster Movie " script and just fill in the blanks .
7	There is a monster stalking us .
19	Let us split up . ( They actually " let us split up " in this movie ) .
11	Hit Alien / Giant-bug / Monster / Invisible-man with crowbar .
4	Not dead yet .
10	Burn Huge-rabbit / Shark / Invisible-man in unsurvivable fire .
4	Not dead yet .
7	You know , the standard stuff .
28	Even the minimum number of elements that were specific to an invisible man movie ( IR glasses , spraying with something like paint ) were handled badly .
18	What is sad is that there were lots of possibilities for this to be a fascinating movie .
43	They psychological issues for the subject , the deterioration of the mind due to the process , treating an invisible subject , and many other ideas were touched on for usually less than 2 seconds and would have been far more interesting .
22	Had there been any desire to save Kevin Bacon in the end , it would have been a much better movie .
7	All in all , it stunk .
26	I would mention some of the incredibly stupid elements of the ending of the movie , but I do not want to do any spoilers .
24	Suffice it to say that these characters are so stupid they do not think about pulling the plug on a machine rather than ...
10	There is one really good scene in Faat Kine .
23	The title character gets in an argument with another woman and after being threatened , Faat Kine sprays her in the face .
20	The scene works because the act is so unexpected , bizarre , and rather funny at the same time .
35	In that one instance , writer / director Ousmane Sembene gives the audience a character that is easy to root for , an interesting film character that could be worth watching for two hours .
16	In the scene , he presents a brave woman who is bold in her actions .
19	For the rest of the movie , the only other thing he seems to present is conflicting tones .
8	The tone is all over the place .
27	It 's true not all movies have to clearly fit within a specific genre , but I do not think Faat Kine fits into any genre .
31	Supposedly , it 's a drama , though there are moments of such broad comedy ( the aforementioned spraying in the face ) that it can not be taken seriously .
26	On the other hand , the film is certainly not a comedy with the abundant amount of serious topics Sembene has crammed into the picture .
12	There is a way to successfully mix comedy and drama together .
9	Unfortunately , Semebene does not find that balance .
26	Instead , one scene after another just drift into each other without much rhyme or reason , leaving two different tones hanging in the wind .
18	Faat Kine also has the problem of running two hours long with an extremely drawn out finale .
23	The film ends with a big party where all the characters ' conflicts are resolved , only they are not resolved quickly .
16	The scene lasts longer than any other scene , going on for probably twenty minutes .
37	Because the rest of the scenes up until this point have been meandering , the finale is particularly hard to endure with repetition beginning early on in the scene , making for a frustrating viewing experience .
10	Perhaps I am being too hard on Faat Kine .
9	I am not the right audience for it .
17	I felt nothing towards the characters and had no connection to any part of the story .
17	There are people who will probably find something meaningful in the story and see strong characters .
15	However , I was unable to do so and thus can not recommend it .
20	This movie is extremely boring , it tells a story of a female gas station owner and her life .
5	Nothing exciting ever happens .
26	The director has really " kept it real " and it feels just like a camera following a woman around as she lives her life .
20	I had to watch other films by this director for a class , the others were not as boring .
21	This film was also watched for an assignment ... it better be worth the boringness with a good grade ! !
13	Overall , unless it 's required , do not watch the film .
39	But do not discount other films by this director , because they are not as bad ... and do not discount other films about Africa , they are usually good , especially when done by a western director .
10	... through the similarly minded antics of Eric Stanze .
35	A not-particularly talented director has helmed a not-particularly good movie , yet I still found myself sitting through it to the closing credits , if for nothing more than to see what happens next .
12	A rapist escapes from prison and calls up his old flame .
41	After capturing her ( even though she came willingly ) and threatening her into having sex ( another event she was also willing to do ) he reveals that he has kidnapped three guys who wronged her in the past .
17	He then decides to kill her ( huh ? ) but is foiled and dies instead .
25	The girl 's mind snaps ( or something like that ) and she takes out her rage on the unlucky chaps in the basement .
24	Alright , the writing sucks : it 's long winded , loaded with ten-cent words and there is WAY too much of it .
11	The acting sucks : what a minute , what acting ?
22	The filming sucks : home video is bad enough , but 20 minutes of graveyard footage is just a damn insult .
19	And the budget is a joke : get it ... ' budget ' , that was the punchline .
10	And yet there was a charm to the thing .
30	Back in the 70 's these kind of movies came out in theatres with actual budgets and talent attached to them , not in this day and age though .
32	If you want to watch this kind of violent , sexually exploitive trash ( do not lie , some of us do ) then this is all your gonna get nowadays .
47	Some brief hardcore shots in a sex scene , torture with fecal material , fun with axes , anal rape by broom stick and a lengthy shot of the crazy chick masturbating with the same broom stick are some of the better items on the menu .
27	It 's not good and it will not be remembered , but not since the heyday of Joe D'amato have people made movies like this . 4/10
31	In director Eric Stanze 's ' ISOYC , IPOYG ' , three men are subjected to torture at the the hands of a woman that they have all sexually abused .
17	The first victim is forced to eat his own crap , before being axed to death .
24	The next bloke ends up with a bullet in the crotch after refusing to have anal sex with the first guy 's corpse .
48	But it 's the third man who gets it the worst : he has to watch the heavily tattooed ' star ' Emily Haack get naked and masturbate with a broom handle ( oh , he also gets the handle shoved up his butt too ! ) .
28	And , unfortunately , so do we ( get to see her masturbate , that is  not get a broom handle up our butts ! ) .
7	It ai not a pretty sight .
47	In addition to the non-stop nudity from an inked-up Haack , viewers also get to see dreadful direction from Stanze ( who thinks that endless shots of tombstones and trees is entertaining stuff ) , some really bad acting , and a fat guy 's penis .
26	Strangely enough , I give ' ISOYC , IPOYG ' a rating of 3/10 , which is actually slightly higher than its current 2.9 average .
16	Am I wrong , or is the 2007 version just a rip-off of the original ?
50	I have to ask because the DVD I just bought is one of the worst films I have ever seen ..... bad acting , bad editing etc .... the only " exploitation " aspect here is how we were ripped off for our money buying this piece of crap .
26	It is nothing more than a light-weight porn flick ... no real gore , no scary images , just a cheaply done bit of garbage .
41	If anyone wants to see an excellent film with no name actors , some slimy gore and a decent storyline ... get Baby Blood ... also done on a cheap budget but well made ... and an actual story too !
21	I Spit was a waste of money but I will keep it just for a laugh .... it is pathetic !
37	New comment .... Sept 3.....I 'll keep this film forever just because it it SOOOOO bad it 's almost good .... in a really bad way .... the worst acting ever ... a real crap-movie classic !
23	With a title like that , it 's above and beyond my comprehension how this movie just did NOT appeal to me .
24	He and his abetting brother are imprisoned up until the brother breaks out and arranges to meet his girlfriend out in the woods .
25	He ends up forcing her into a house where they screw and he later shows her a collection of kidnapped guys in the basement .
25	The heavily drugged captives consist of her old boyfriend who raped her , a " grabby " neighbor , and her sexually abrasive boss .
13	He explains to her that he is going to kill them all .
11	I personally consider that to be a wildly blasphemous assertion !
16	This movie is a boring , amateurish mess that strives for shocks but failed miserably ...
41	Picture the fugly annoying goth kids from college in a scat film , throw in a pinch of story and a whole lot of awful acting , and you are still not even close to how bad this movie is .
9	Shot badly , bad effects , worse acting .
6	Contrived attempt at shocking horror .
12	Everyone I have showed this to gets kinda depressed watching it .
28	The sex scenes are disturbing , not necessarily for their content , but more because they are just something you want to end as soon as possible .
16	The last sex scene is just foul , even before she gets to the guy .
24	I am one of those people that loves to watch movies that people hate , which is why I picked this one up .
15	But for your own sake , save yourself the time and avoid this abhorrence .
5	It 's that bad .
8	I literally threw it in the garbage .
11	A young man kills a young woman for no reason .
18	The man 's brother is jailed on charges that he was an accomplice , but soon escapes .
21	Upon escaping , the seemingly innocent man kidnaps three victims and soon he ropes his girlfriend in on the plot .
15	If this is not bad enough , the situation quickly makes a downward spiral .
11	This film had some good aspects and many bad ones .
9	Its strongest aspect was lead actress Emily Haack .
28	Setting aside the fact she 's nude in a fair amount of this film , she presents herself as a decent actress and a very strong character .
21	I see no reason she can not take this experience and somehow turn it into a career in some way .
9	I was convinced she was a ruthless individual .
15	Also , the makers of this film were very bold and pulled no punches .
21	Graphic nudity ( both male and female ) , coprophagia , and extreme anal violence are not shied away from .
25	I like my horror films to push the boundaries a little bit , and this one ignored them altogether , gladly skipping towards Gomorrah .
17	Maybe it was too much , but I think they achieved what they were looking for .
6	But now the negative aspects .
19	First , and most noticeable , this film is very low budget and the film quality shows this .
34	I can excuse that -- the plot was decent , the acting fine and in some scenes the lower quality film actually made the movie more disturbing ( a more realistic feel ) .
12	So , I will not scold them for having low-grade equipment .
15	What I will scold them for is the use of poor choices in shots .
24	For no reason I can ascertain ( besides plumping the movie ) , there is a large amount of footage of a cemetery .
24	I do not really know why , and I frankly started dozing off at this point because it was so long and pointless .
8	I also take issue with the title .
25	The idea here was to deceive people into thinking this film had some connection to the classic " I Spit on Your Grave " .
24	Now , there is a line that seems to imply the main character is the daughter of the woman from this other film .
17	And the themes are very loosely the same ( a woman getting revenge on men ) .
27	But there is no firm connection and the reason this title was chosen was for the video store customer to think they were getting a sequel .
6	This was deceptive and dishonest .
13	My last major complaint is that this plot makes no real sense .
6	Not even a little bit .
11	A woman is killed in the beginning for no reason .
24	A prison escapee finds time to kidnap people to torture them , for no reason ( because they wronged his girlfriend ? ) .
12	The same man goes from good to very evil without explanation .
18	Do not let this title fool you , or the claims that the film is incredibly shocking .
25	Yes , some scenes were shocking , but the vast majority of the film is dull and makes you want to take a nap .
16	If you see this in the video store or on Netflix , just keep browsing .
16	Or rent it , and we can sit around and vent about it for hours .
5	You have been warned .
5	I watch bad movies .
12	This movie is not good enough to be a bad movie .
13	Not an ounce of humor , not an ounce of talent throughout .
4	I am LAZY .
10	Usually , I see a bad movie and curse .
25	This was so bad , I actually made a review to try and save others from the completely boring mess I fell victim to .
9	I am smashing my copy of this movie .
11	It 's too lame even to use clear a room .
3	So boring .
23	Watch ' Bloodsucking Freaks ' or ' Shock , shock , shock ' for absolute crap that has some merit as entertainment .
16	This sludge looks awful , is awful , and whoever made it should feel awful .
3	NO SPOILERS .
19	I love horror movies , but this has got to be the poorest attempt to make one ever .
11	Calling it " a movie " is also a stretch .
11	This " random-clips-of-obviously-fake-and-tacky-violence-and-an-ugly - woman-trying-to-act-sexy-edited-poorly-together " is not worth watching .
49	Watching this is about as interesting watching as some random family 's holiday pictures , and it has about the same quality you would expect when you send your ten year old son into the woods with your new vid-cam , and tell him to make a movie .
2	Terrible .
36	I expect the same excitement as I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE but I was let down by just junk how can you even call this a movie ( its kinda of a mini porno ) .
15	It made my sick when the guy was made to eat his own business .
17	There is no story line to it at all it jumps to quickly from each murder .
41	If you like seeing a women naked or even mens parts then there is spots in the movie for and there is even a masturbation spot in the movie which makes it a porno and not a movie at all .
15	I have seen some dumb movies in my time but this is number 1 .
9	I want be watching it again at all .
24	The actors even look bored during the movie to me so they probably were in need of money badly to make this movie .
15	I love special effects and witnessing new technologies that make science fiction seem real .
10	The special effects of this movie are very good .
22	I have seen most of this movie , since it 's been airing on HBO for the past couple of months .
29	I must admit , I MAY have missed a few scenes , but I am usually drawn into movies , and have seen some scenes more than once .
13	But I think it 's witnessing just HOW relentlessly evil he becomes .
39	Regardless , I can recommend this movie for excitement ( although some parts move slowly ) , but I do NOT recommend for youngsters under the age of 14 ( perhaps 12 , if they are mature ) .
47	I am a horror / gore movie freak and this flick was so bad , I felt embarrassed for not only the " actors " , but also the director and the poor sap of a producer who actually put his money up for this schlock .
23	From the title , you 'd expect some great carnage , somewhat of a storyline and at LEAST some direction or dialog .
17	Instead , you get what looks like a slightly more violent and sexual Three Stooges episode .
9	At least I laugh at the Three Stooges .
20	While watching this crap , I turned another TV on and started watching Howard Stern until something interesting happened .
9	Needless to say , I kept watching Stern .
31	Watching this " film " I realize that I could produce a film with three monkeys , 2 DV cameras , $50 dollars in loose change and a broken PC .
12	This film is my inspiration to get into no-budget film making .
30	Watch this movie if you dare , but be warned ... there is a lot of nothing in here but a whole lot of talking and very little action .
12	This makes " KaZaam " look like a Meryl Streep film .
14	I am sure Germany did not ban it due to sex or violence .
7	Other countries need to take heed .
19	This subject matter deserves a much better script , and final result , than this movie serves up .
26	The script is full of holes because it was never conceived as a story , but rather a string of nightmare scenarios loosely knitted together .
12	The gaps and loose ends in the story line are numerous .
30	The scene where the kidnap victim is told that her parents are not dead , and have been looking for her since she was taken , is just bizarre .
29	It is written as a cathartic therapy moment with the head of the shelter for runaways handing her a " missing poster " from when she was eight .
41	In the real world , if the head of a shelter for runaways found out that he had , under his roof , a solved kidnapping , what would have followed would have been an immediate call to the police .
14	It 's a law enforcement issue not a 12 minute segment for Oprah .
28	Everything that follows from there to the end is so short shrift that I can only conclude that the first 90 minutes was for pure gratuitous exploitation .
13	Funny , that 's what this movie is supposed to be condemning .
10	In the end it seems to have joined in .
29	What do you get when you have bad acting , bad directing , scenes that are excruciatingly long , terrible lighting , painful editing , and awful effects ?
26	You get Jessica : A Ghost Story Seems its shot on betacam , which is fine , but the lighting has to compliment this medium .
7	In this case it does not .
16	There are a few CU 's where the person 's face is entirely in shadow .
11	One scene in particular is the scene at the psychiatrists .
9	It 's a joke if you ask me .
31	Some of the scenes were so long that they could have easily been cut in half ... but I guess then they would not have a film at feature length .
7	The main character is incredibly flat .
24	He 's the LEAD male , so he should have some " hero " elements to his character , but he does not .
9	He whines and is scared the entire film .
15	I could go on , but I do not want to waste my time .
17	Although the lighting was terrible , I must say that they did have nice camera movement .
9	Too bad the lighting did not compliment it .
15	The cover of the DVD is nice , and that 's where it ends .
3	Just terrible .
14	JESSICA : A GHOST STORY is as the name implies a ghost story .
14	The theme is meant to be horror but comes across closer to comedy !
13	A woman comes who was brutally murdered comes back from the dead .
13	This constitutes what this movie attempts to pass off as a plot .
8	There is really nothing more to it .
25	The movie comprises of a series of loosely connected scenes involving a guy who had an affair with this woman prior to her death .
18	Immediately from the opening scenes , this movie has the appearance of a " straight-to-DVD " effort .
27	Unlike gems such as VACANCY 2 , the movie has no sense of direction or creativity and certainly gives " straight-to-DVD " movies a bad name !
19	The direction is as poor as can be with a complete lack of suspense , scares or tension .
27	Even the drama elements are hopelessly handled and represent something more boring than even the worst soap opera you may have had the misfortune of enduring .
26	The acting across the board is absolutely abysmal with no one actor involved managing to show even the slightest potential of a successful acting career .
17	Many of the individual scenes are incredibly long , with very long pauses between dialogue exchanges .
5	I am not exaggerating !
33	The only reason I give this movie a rating of 2 rather than 1 is because some of the poor acting combined with even worse dialogue made for a few unintentional laughs .
11	I stress the word " few " in that sentence .
20	This is not overall one of the " so-bad-it's-good " movies like CAMP BLOOD or THE NAIL GUN MASSACRE .
11	If you want to laugh hysterically , watch those movies .
40	If you want to see a proper horror movie about ghosts watch THE LEGEND OF HELL HOUSE , THE CHANGELING , RINGU , THE EYE ( original Korean version ) , THE GRUDGE , ONE MISSED CALL or PHONE .
24	I advise anyone who has had the good fortune of avoiding seeing JESSICA : A GHOST STORY to keep up the good work !
6	Just forget this movie exists .
8	Do not spare a thought for it !
30	I bought a DVD of this film for my girlfriend who shares the same name as the ghost girl in this film , and enjoys movies about the paranormal .
20	The movie was shot entirely on video , so it has the look of a PBS special about it .
26	The special effects are phoney looking , but there are actually some scary moments in the movie that got us to jump in our seat .
12	There is a particularly effective scare involving a Virgin Mary statue .
33	HOWEVER , the acting is bad , the " plot " scenes are long and very boring , and I will tell you I have no clue what happened at the end .
23	If you get the movie , rent it , if you buy it , please make sure you pay less than $5 .
19	This seems like one of those movies that we think we should like , but I did not .
14	It seemed to be trying way too hard to be ' artsy ' .
7	All flash , with no content .
33	It has some beautiful scenes , and any one of them are nice to watch , but tack them all together and it becomes an arduous task just to sit through it .
30	I rented this because of the glowing reviews on the video carton , and the fact that I am a big Shakespeare fan , but I was very disappointed .
14	I just found it a bit pretentious and , at times , boring .
17	This is not the worst film I have seen of Peter Greenaway but it is close .
10	That dishonor goes to the even worse Pillow Book .
17	This director 's films of 3 I have seen I find them all to be miserable .
25	Like The Cook ... , whatever positive cinematic flourishes he displays , are totally unredeemed by the repugnancy of his material and overall presentation .
34	Now , you all may think I am just some ignorant reviewer who has no respect for Shakespeare or " artistic film-making " ... well , you 'd be wrong on both counts .
36	I had high expectations for this film in that it was said to be " very artistic " and was an adaptation of Shakespeare 's The Tempest ... but this was just an extreme letdown .
22	A true disappointment ... maybe if Zeffirelli had been given the director 's chair , this would 've been much better .
19	But this is one audience member 's opinion , many others may enjoy this far more than me .
46	That being said , if you can not find this at any nearby video stores ( it 's currently not on DVD ) , do not try to go too far out of your way to find it ... it 's not really worth it .
14	Other than some neat special effects , this movie has nothing to offer .
20	They threw in some gore and some nudity to try and make it interesting , but with no success .
19	Kevin Bacon 's acting was pretty good , but he could not salvage the movies lack of plot .
22	I saw this movie when it was released , and my distaste for it has stuck with me all these years .
23	Here 's why : Greenaway 's goal seems to be to take every literary image in the Tempest and make it literal .
33	If a character were to say , " my heart takes flight , " we 'd be shown an actual human heart , with pigeon wings attached , flapping across the screen .
16	This process makes for some lush tableaux , but ultimately it 's a facile exercise .
6	And it becomes deadly boring .
27	I do not begrudge the pleasure other viewers found in this movie , but it 's worth knowing that not everyone in the audience was enraptured .
27	Every now and again you hear radio djs inviting listeners to nominate movies that the listener can not stand or never watched all the way through .
12	This is the movie that I think of ... days later .
12	It 's got something to do with a play by Shakespeare .
40	Not sure , but I think I bailed on this movie some 20 odd minutes into it ... think I realised that my toenails would not clip themselves , and they were looking at me imploringly to get cut .
10	This movie just seemed boring and pretentious to me .
44	Even though this is the first movie I have given such a low score to ( which I have actually attempted to watch ) , I would not want to put you off other movies by it 's English director , Peter Greenaway .
48	I remember thinking that his " The cook , the thief , his wife and her lover " was a truly great British film even though its content was at times stomach churning-a brilliant movie , but I can understand why people would balk at seeing it .
14	Another good film by Greenaway was " A zed and two noughts " .
19	Again , it had some content that pushed the boundaries of good taste , but was intriguing nonetheless .
20	The other film that I usually think of too late for such radio show topics is " Brazil " .
13	Never managed to watch that all the way through either-kept falling asleep !
29	Unless you have a taste for self-important movies which are off-puttingly highly stylised , laboriously paced and difficult to follow , then steer clear of Prosero 's Books .
49	" Sir " John Gielgud must have become senile to star in a mess of a movie like this one . ; This is one of those films , I suppose , that is considered " art , " but do not be fooled ..... it 's garbage .
27	Stick to the " art " you can admire in a frame because the films that are labeled as such are usually unintelligible forgeries like this .
33	In this masterpiece , Giegud recites Shakespeare 's " The Tempest " while the camera pans away to nude people . one of them a little kid urinating in a swimming pool .
17	Wow , this is heady stuff and real " art , " ai not it ? ?
6	That 's just one example .
43	Most of the story makes no sense , is impossible to follow and , hence , is one that Liberal critics are afraid to say they did not " understand " so they give it high marks to save their phony egos .
4	You want Shakespeare ?
4	Read his books .
9	I came at this film with high expectations .
19	I was aware of Greenaway 's work and ' The Tempest ' and was interested in an adaptation .
18	I first wanted to switch off after ten minutes , but felt that it would be unfair .
25	There was a representation of a storm , but where in your mind do you conceive a small boy peeing over a toy boat ?
6	It is symbolic of what ?
22	I continued another ten minutes my finger twitching over the ' off ' button , somewhere something would capture my interest .
10	This is not Shakespeare , it is not cinema .
29	There is a time and place for it , but I will not waste my time and there is no place for it in my studies of Shakespeare .
13	After twenty five minutes I gave up and that was the end .
49	I then read all the comments on this website and the pretentiousness of the film is only matched by its defendants . ' Its a painting ..... then put it in a gallery ' , ' it 's a ballet ..... keep it on the stage then ' .
49	Shakespeare can be done intelligently , and the plays were performed to mass audiences , they were accessible , and this version helps put a wedge between Shakespeare and the general population at large - and I do not think that the Bard would be happy with that .
28	I usually talk a bit about the plot in the first part of my review but in this film there is really not much to talk of .
12	Just a mish-mash of other FAR better sword & sorcery epics .
9	Lack of cohesiveness runs rampant as does banality .
27	Even the main villaness refusing to wear clothing other then a loincloth is pretty boring as she pretty much has a chest of a young boy .
16	Mildly amusing in it 's ineptitude at best and severely retarded at it 's worst .
14	Lucio Fulci was scrapping the bottom of the barrel here and it shows .
49	My Grade : D - DVD Extras : Posters & Stills galleries ; Lucio Fulci Bio ; and US & International Theatrical trailers Eye Candy : Sabrina Siani is topless throughout ( some may consider that appealing , I did not ) ; various extras are topless as well
11	This was a watershed event in my movie watching life .
13	I went to see this in the theater when it came out .
11	I was completely amazed at just how bad it was .
25	Movies like this make you wonder who put the money up and who owed whom a favor - a very , very large favor .
19	The special effects are absolutely first grade level , as in any first grader could have done them .
45	Toy rubber bats on strings with no attempt to hide the strings , arrows that appear to be drawn on the film and look to be the shape of an arrow you 'd find on a street sign , and a laughable story line .
10	Ed Wood made masterpieces compared to " Conquest " .
20	Every film student should see this thing just so they will know the very definition of a bad movie .
8	Warning : This review contains a spoiler .
2	Wow .
4	Almost impressively bad .
8	Note I said , " almost " .
19	This is nothing more than lots of random scenes strung together in a loose attempt at a story .
27	The protagonists ( you CAN NOT call them " heroes " ) shoot innocent bystanders for their food , and also rob same for similar reasons .
24	If you are in a MST3K mood , you might find this watchable , but for the most part you can forget it .
8	Go rent the original Conan DVD instead .
30	Shlock-merchant Leo Fulci takes a change of pace by making a trashy , barely coherent sword and sorcery fantasy movie instead of his usual trashy , barely coherent horror .
3	Wackiness ensues .
16	The sorceress , is oppressing the local cavemen and wants the magic bow for herself .
29	She sends various minions , each weirder than the last , after our heroes who win through in the end , striking a blow for oppressed cavemen everywhere .
13	This movie contains a steady stream of WTF ? elements and moments .
26	For some reason the entire movie is shot in soft focus and the picture is further blurred by the constant presence of mist on screen .
17	This may have been an attempt to create atmosphere or to hide how fake everything looks .
6	Either way , it failed .
24	There is no atmosphere , unless it is one of scuzziness and mild bewilderment and there is no hiding how lame everything looks .
11	The wolf-man minions look like a poor man 's wookie .
33	For some reason the director fell in love with shots of them leaping through the air in slow motion , Six Million Dollar Man style , toward our heroes when they attack .
19	There are probably about a dozen of these shots throughout the movie and it gets goofier every time .
29	The other minions of the topless sorceress , other than the generic leather clad humans , are some lumpy white mutants who appear to be covered in cobwebs .
20	Needless to say they are slow and unthreatening and when they speak sound like gay Hispanic , lisping Daleks .
13	The fights are stilted and unconvincing and the special effects are woeful .
23	Oh yeah , the music is cheap synthesiser stuff that the makers of Doctor Who would have been embarrassed to have used .
10	Ilias , our nominal hero is bland and forgettable .
24	He also looks a complete wuss , especially with his midriff revealing leather outfit and big hair , and is clearly a moron .
33	Sure , he 's a dynamite shot with his magical bow but he only takes about three or four arrows with him in his mission to battle this entire continent of evil .
27	Needless to say he runs out of arrows within a few minutes and has to be saved by more traditional sword and sorcery hero , Mace .
38	When he meets Ilias he establishes himself as the taciturn loner type , claiming he has no friends but no sooner can you say latent homoerotic subtext they are bosom buddies , traipsing the misty hills together .
14	Mace promises to take Ilias with him in return for bow related favours .
19	Ilias asks where he is going . " Wherever my legs take me , " is his reply .
5	Good enough for Ilias .
9	Mace is also animal lover and outrageous hypocrite .
29	He proclaims his great love of and affinity toward animals , citing the usual stuff about how he prefers them to humans because humans can be soooo mean .
27	He says he would never hunt and kill an animal to feed himself but he will steal meat off other people who have hunted down animals .
15	He is also not above randomly killing innocent passers by for no good reason .
35	Not long after they meet , he is testing out Ilias ' bow and the movie cuts to some random caveman , minding his own business , walking along and Mace shoots him dead .
33	There is no indication this poor soul did anything to deserve this and even Ilias , who supposedly hails from a more moral and civilised society does not even raise an eyebrow .
7	The films villainess is quite unusual .
22	For the entire movie she is completely naked except from a g-string and a golden mask that encompasses her entire head .
30	It 's like Fulci included her to make the movies obligatory T & A quotient but decided she was bit too much of a butterface at the last minute .
30	She spends a lot of time seemingly being pleasured by her pet snakes and dreaming about being shot by a faceless bow wielding man who is dressed like Ilias .
5	Wow , such symbolism !
35	Later on in the movie she wimps out when she can not beat Ilias and Mace and promises to make herself the sex-slave of some ancient warrior dude if he kills them for her .
18	Hardly the world 's most scary villain and not really a step forward for women 's rights .
29	I think he sic 's the cobweb creatures on our heroes and impersonates Mace in a situation where there is no no-one else around but Mace to fool .
12	Was he really worthy trading your self respect for , Ocron ?
10	There are quite a few other WTF ? moments .
11	Most of them come toward the end of the movie .
34	Ilias wusses out , I forget why , possibly his permed hairdo got mussed , but realizes the error of his ways and returns to aid Mace in fighting the forces of evil .
22	All of a sudden , for no reason , his bow can suddenly fire out multiple target seeking bolts of energy .
11	The bolts can also shoot through solid rock when necessary .
18	Needless to say his makes short work of the hordes of bad guys who have captured Mace .
7	The climax is also rather nonsensical .
14	Mace decimates Ocron 's remaining forces using the bows targeted laser attack capability .
18	He then is able to shoot Ocron from a kilometre away using its shoot through rock capacity .
4	She starts dying .
11	Her mask is ripped of revealing a hideous Muppet head .
16	She staggers around screaming and turns into a dog and wanders off with another dog .
3	Mace smiles .
3	Roll credits .
21	Strangely enough as far as these dodgy low budget sword and sorcery movies this one is reasonably lucid and focused .
23	Any one who has seen Wizards of the Lost Kingdom can tell you how nonsensical and meandering these movies can truly be .
9	Ah , Lucio Fulci , rest in peace .
34	This infamous Italian is most famous for " Zombie , " and the absolutely unwatchable " The Psychic " and " Manhattan Baby . " Well , add this to the unwatchable list .
20	The plot , as it were , concerns a nekkid woman who wears a gold mask and a G-string .
20	She wants the power of a young dubbed stud who has a set of magic arrows and a bow .
7	They are magic because they glow .
27	Arrow boy teams up with a guy in a bad wig , and they spend most of the movie rescuing each other from flat action sequences .
30	In the end , the nekkid chick is defeated , but not before taking the mask off and reminding me why I broke up with my high school girlfriend .
15	Fulci bathes every shot in an orange glow and fills the screen with smoke .
17	Nothing like a smoky orange action sequence to make you crave Sunny Delight and a cigarette .
6	The special effects are laughable .
24	In one sequence , our ambiguously gay duo are attacked by dozens of arrows that are obviously pin scratches on the film itself .
22	The majority of the effects budget must have been spent on the Fulci-licious gore , which consists entirely of spurting wounds .
28	Hey , we can all use a good spurting wound once in a while , but when you get into spurting wound overkill , it gets boring .
22	I kept having to play with the brightness setting on my TV anyway just to see what the heck was happening .
36	There is lots of talk of fulfilling omens and prophecies , so let me do a little look into the future ... if you find this movie and watch it , you will regret it .
29	The scene on the video box ( by Media ) does not appear in the film in any context whatsoever . " Conquest " is a con job .
8	What MST3K could have done with this !
26	This is rated ( R ) for strong physical violence , strong gore , female nudity , brief male nudity , and mild sexual content .
31	I like Fulci films , i really do and not in some boring ironic way either but i recognise that they appear hopelessly inept and garbled to lots of people .
18	Conquest is where Fulci tries his hand at the epic fantasy genre and does not really succeed .
12	Structurally , it 's like most Fulci films you have seen .
19	Some stuff happens , some more stuff happens and occasionally one scene might be tangentially related to another .
40	Really it 's like Conan with no sets , no script , no real actors ( yes , Arnold Scharzenfartz is hardly an actor either ) , no budget , stupid looking dog soldiers and a bunch of gore .
33	This one was a hard one to get through and i could 've lived without the inch of vaseline smeared on the camera to give it that Hair Metal music video look .
9	Paul Verhoeven finally bombed out on this one .
7	He became a joke on himself .
29	Once again we have a film which includes sex and violence , immorality , leering at women and lots of attitiude talk between the characters and dollying pans .
5	Its all for nothing .
11	Because their is no action at all in this film .
7	It fudges all its set pieces .
13	All the actors give the kind of performances form a Verhoeven film .
11	In other words rampant over acting on almost every level .
17	Starship Troopers got away with it because it was such a macho world the characters inhabited .
9	In this scientists are acting the same way .
15	Sorry Paul but Soldiers and scientist are not really made of the same mindset .
50	One major flaw in the plot was that after escaping for that one night to do evil things Kevin Bacons character then returns back to the science lab where we have already spent more then enough time watching these animated manniquens ( Elizabeth Shue excepted ) walk and talk .
16	Why not show the extent of what the character could do in the outside world .
16	How could they possibly track him if he could be anywhere at all ? ? ?
23	Think os all the different things that could have been done with this concept , both in terms of story and characterisation .
21	Then look at what this film does and you really how badly done and concieved the whole project really was .
21	More insulting is the Doco on the DVD where everyone is claiming that Verhoeven is some kind of MAd Genius .
9	Well one out of two isnt that bad .
9	This film has nothing of note in it .
6	Just like the title says .
4	Hollow ! ! !
18	The plot and characters are ridiculous and barely qualify AS " plot " and " character " .
16	The biggest problem is the fact that everything is dark , out-of-focus , and blurry .
14	The fact that Fulci filled the whole movie with mist does not help .
18	On the other hand , the whole thing is completely bizarre and filled with sex and violence .
42	The inconsistencies are pretty entertaining , one of the main characters says he has no friends , yet he latches onto the new guy in a minute of screen time , and has a whole gaggle of women on the side .
26	Though he does show his anti-social tendencies by randomly putting an arrow in some poor b ***** d who 's just minding his own business !
20	Images of blood or gore flowing get more attention than the characters but what do you want from Fulci .
17	Maybe it ruined his career , but it was not really much more stupid than Zombie .
20	Worth a rental if you like gory Italian flicks or are desperate for sword and sorcery or something bizarre .
21	How do you sleep through someone getting sucked into a pit 2 feet from your head and screaming for help ?
46	Despite being released on DVD by Blue Underground some five years ago , I have never come across this Italian " sword and sorcery " item on late-night Italian TV and , now that I have seen it for myself , I know exactly why .
28	Unfortunately , even the usual saving grace of such lowbrow material comes up short here as ex-Goblin Claudio Simonetti 's electronic score seems awfully inappropriate at times .
17	However , I swear that I did NOT know a show named " Gloria " existed .
8	Maybe , that 's a good thing .
17	Maybe , it means I had a life as a young adult rather than watching television .
43	On the other hand , it is pathetic that the " All In The Family " franchise had deteriorated so much that it begat a show I never heard of -- and one that is rated very poorly by the previous reviewers .
3	Shalom , ZWrite
13	This was a classic case of something that should never have been .
41	Gloria was now a single mother , her husband had left her because she would not live in some commune with him ( he was mad that Reagan had been elected and wanted to turn his back on society ) .
35	Right then and there I had problems with the series - come on , I say to myself , is this the same noble Michael Stivic that countered Archie Bunker 's right winged philosophies ?
14	The series went on , but it just did not have any pizazz .
13	Whatever momentum Sally Struthers gained from All the Family was long gone .
28	Maybe , if the series had been given another name and presented as being totally independent of All In The Family , it might have worked out .
8	Ah well , that 's show business .
10	The bad news is it 's still really dreadful .
17	I gave it a 2 because occasionally some of this kitchy slapstick parody actually seems funny .
21	It 's supposed to be better than " Mulva , Zombie Ass Kicker " , and progress should be rewarded .
14	Or maybe I was drinking heavily when I watched it and felt generous .
8	Whatever , " 2 " it is .
15	Maybe the best thing about this movie is that it 's over pretty quick .
47	It takes elements from most of Kill Bill I & II 's key themes and fight scenes , hacks them up , dumbs them way down , dirties up the dialog , and squishes the whole mess into about an hour of truly awful amateur video .
17	You 'd best smoke a lot of something powerful if you want to enjoy this one .
12	And get this DVD back to the video store on time !
14	You will really hate yourself if you have to pay a late fee .
29	Although this is " better " than the first Mulva ( which does not say much anyways , I would rather watch paint dry ) it still sucks .
14	Do yourself a favor and avoid anything from these Low Budget Pictures guys .
20	I was suckered into buying a few dvds to support some indy filmmakers and boy did I regret it .
30	Some have not even been officially " released " yet ( not bootlegs-bought from the filmmakers themselves ) and I can not even list how bad they all are .
25	Avoid anything with Teen Ape or Bonejack in them as they do pop up in other small indy films that they are friends with .
21	If you are friends of these guys , chances are you were in their movies and had fun making them .
9	But for those that had to watch them ?
3	No way .
15	Bad video , bad audio , bad acting , bad plot ... etc etc .
6	These are not even funny .
19	I gave this one a 2 only because Debbie Rochon is in it and that is about it .
9	Maybe it does not even deserve the 2 .
27	About a 1 1/16th star to show it was slightly better than the first ( which I wish I could have rated in the negatives ) .
32	If you want a decent no budget film , go pick up something from LBP 's " friends " over at Freak Productions like Marty Jenkins or even Raising the Stakes .
5	Those are actually decent .
10	Mulva is put in a sugercoma by Teen Ape .
30	When she awakens she 's considerably hotter ( the parts played by Debbie Rochon in this sequel ) , and out for revenge on those that did her wrong .
20	Well at least at slightly over an hour , it IS over mighty quickly for what it 's worth .
18	A bit of a disappointing film , I 'd say : the acting was stilted , somehow .
24	In many cases , I just could not feel that the facial expressions matched the words spoken or the intent of the scene .
29	An angry ( or sad , happy , frustrated ) character should make the viewer believe that he 's angry ( or sad , happy , frustrated ) .
6	That does not happen here .
14	The comment about the writers assuming you already know the characters was apt .
50	They do things and say things which come out of nowhere : the character Andrew accuses his parents of sending signals to each other at dinner ; then he blows up and storms out , telling his father " Do not touch me , you f *** ! " .
35	Maybe , if we 'd seen the prequel , we would understand where all that comes from , but there is no prequel , so we are somewhat at sea as to the reason !
48	One odd , quirky thing that Andrew does is to go to an old stone quarry , sit down on the edge overlooking the " still water " below ; then he reaches into his jeans pocket and extracts a pack of cigarettes and lights one up .
29	He did this same thing three times during the film ; I guess we are supposed to see this as some tortured act of being alone and angry ?
7	Maybe once , but three times ?
12	It might even have been four times , I lost count .
44	To be honest , there is the fact that he 's recently found out that he 's adopted ; this happens very early in the film so there is no sense of any dramatic change he might be undergoing because of this discovery .
21	It 's not really clear if that 's why he 's so bitter or if it 's about something else .
31	I guess there is a sort of Lynchian feel to the film but should a first-time director really be trying to scale such a mountain so early in his career ?
27	' Dead Letter Office ' is a low-budget film about a couple of employees of the Australian postal service , struggling to rebuild their damaged lives .
24	Unfortunately , the acting is poor and the links between the characters ' past misfortunes and present mindsets are clumsily and over-schematically represented .
47	What 's most disappointing of all , however , is the portrayal is life in the office of the film 's title : there is no mechanisation whatsoever , and it 's quite impossible to ascertain what any of the staff really do for a living .
32	Granted , part of the plot is that the office is threatened with closure , but this sort of office surely closed in the 1930s , if it ever truly existed .
32	It 's a shame , as the film 's overall tone is poignant and wry , and there is some promise in the scenario : but few of the details convince .
34	Overall , it feels the work of someone who has not actually experienced much of real life ; a student film , with a concept and an outline , but sadly little else .
16	This movie had a IMDB rating of 8.1 so I expected much more from it .
13	It starts out funny and endearing with an energy that feels spontaneous .
18	But before the movie is half-way through , it begins to drag and everything becomes sickingly predictable .
36	The characters in the office were delightful in the first third of the movie , but we get to know them a little too well ; they become caricatures , not real people at all .
20	This is the same story I have seen hundreds of times , only told here with slightly different circumstances .
20	The thing is , I could stomach another predictable love story if only the dialog were not so stale !
29	The only thing that could be worse is if the characters had inconsistent and unbelievable motivations , and unfortunately that was also the case with Dead Letter Office .
13	Hopefully this movie will end up in the Dead Movie Office soon .
20	You know all those letters to " Father Christmas " and " Jesus " that are sent every year ?
36	Well , it turns out that they are not actually delivered but dropped off in a half-forgotten corner of the post office to rot unless some bright spark figures out a way of posting them .
25	As bizarre settings go , it 's a winner and one which perfectly fits the strange movie that is " Dead Letter Office " .
17	Having said that , this is obviously an Australian film as opposed to a British one .
15	If it was Royal Mail , most letters get this sort of treatment anyway .
24	Writing to her absent father , she only learns in adulthood that her letters have not been delivered for one reason or another .
32	So , logically , she gets a job at the D.L.O. and finds herself working alongside other social rejects including the brooding Chilean immigrant Frank Lopez ( George Del Hoyo ) .
31	Slowly , she finds herself drawn to him but can she find out where her dad is without bringing the self-contained world of the Dead Letters Office to its knees ?
21	Nothing against this film but I was reminded of the god-awful Heather Graham film " Committed " while watching this .
22	However , this is so much better than that pile of horse crap but then again , that ai not difficult .
11	For a start , this film is much more logical .
16	True , the metaphors are somewhat blatant and the underflowing symbolism quickly becomes a flood .
13	But at least this is cohesive and quirky without being complete drivel .
6	It is also well acted .
28	Both Otto and Del Hoyo are very good as the lovers looking for something they know they will never find while other characters are peripheral at best .
21	Part of the trouble is that it seems to wrap up far too quickly , leaving this viewer somewhat disappointed .
38	The other part is that when you consider Australia 's draconian immigration policy ( i.e. if you do not speak English , rack off ! ) , such a story is unlikely to take place in reality .
22	The other characters , sadly , also help to destabilise the realism by proving to be little more than odd-ball stereotypes .
15	Despite that , " Dead Letter Office " is certainly something a little different .
13	It might not be to everyone 's taste but I liked it .
37	Yes , it was hackneyed and predictable but sometimes , it 's nice to watch a film without guns or violence or heavy-duty swearing and nudity ( no chance of that in an Australian film ) .
19	There ai not any major laughs , there is no Bullet Time and the characters are usually one-dimensional .
29	But it 's the story that counts here and while it 's not earth-shattering in its magnificence , it 's a pleasant enough way of passing the time .
31	It 's the movie equivalent of a Sheryl Crow CD - nice to listen to now and again but you would not really miss it if it was not there .
39	Unfortunately , one of the best efforts yet made in the area of special effects has been made completely pointless by being placed alongside a lumbering , silly and equally pointless plot and an inadequate , clichéd screenplay .
8	Hollow Man is a rather useless film .
42	Practically everything seen here has been done to death - the characters , the idea and the action sequences ( especially the lift shaft ! ) - with the only genuinely intriguing element of the film being the impressive special effects .
30	However , it is just the same special effect done over and over again , and by the end of the film that has been done to death also .
31	I was hoping before watching Hollow Man that the Invisible Man theme , which is hardly original in itself , would be the basis of something newer and more interesting .
5	This is not so .
33	It is not long before the film turns into an overly-familiar blood bath and mass of ineffectual histrionics - the mound of clichés piles up so fast that it 's almost impressive .
23	On top of all this , Kevin Bacon does a pretty useless job and his supporting cast are hardly trying their best .
31	Good points might be a passable Jerry Goldsmith score ( but no competition for his better efforts ) , a quite interesting use of thermal imagery and the special effects .
25	I was tempted to give this film three out of ten , but the effects push Hollow Man 's merit up one notch . 4/10
12	Another too bad the lowest they can go here is one .
8	Otherwise this would get an easy zero .
11	Truly one of the worst films I have ever seen .
19	In fact were Peckenpah 's name not on the thing I would never have guessed he did it .
30	Actually one of the people in San Francisco I know was on the set a lot and from nearly sunup on he says that Sam was just plain snockered .
5	It shows in spades .
23	The laughing bit at the early part of the film is the ONLY thing in this entire mess worth a second look .
7	Not even Gig Young is watchable .
8	This is a true test of masochism .
20	Had I been forced into the confines of a theatre to see it I would have jumped up screaming .
26	And now I truly feel guilty having watched it all from the confines of a very comfortable couch that was just too nice to leave .
16	What a mess , it seemed less written than made up as they went along .
12	It 's not only a bomb but a bmob spelled backwards .
6	Yikes ! ! ! ! !
19	It was almost unfathomable to me that this film would be a bust but I was indeed disappointed .
28	Having been a connoisseur of Pekinpah cinema for years , I found this DVD , drastically reduced , for sale and thought it was worth a shot .
38	The opening few credits , iconic to Pekinpah fans , has the inter-cutting between man and animal , but here we have non-diegetic ambient noise of children playing in a schoolyard while a bomb is being planted .
3	Fantastic suspense .
46	Then , when the perps , Caan and Duval , travel to their next mission , Duval drops the bomb on Cann that his date last night had an STD , found only by snooping through her purse while Cann was being intimate with her .
28	The ensuing laughter is fantastic , and is clearly paid homage to in Brian Depalma 's Dressed to Kill , at the short-lived expense of Angle Dickenson .
18	The problem with The Killer Elite is that after the opening credits , the film falls flat .
26	Even Bring Me The Head of Alfredo Garcia has stronger production value , a bold call for anyone who knows what I am talking about .
22	I use Pekinpah 's credits as supplementary lecture material , but once they are finished , turn The Killer Elite off .
44	The problem with " The Killer Elite " is that just by seeking this film out , and investing time to watch it , you are putting more effort into the experience than many of its principals did , particularly director Sam Peckinpah .
13	The already volatile Peckinpah was heading into rough weather with this film .
16	According to at least one biographer , this was where he became acquainted with cocaine .
16	Add to that his binge drinking , and it 's no wonder things fell apart .
24	It 's a shame , because the concept behind the film is a good one , and the first ten minutes promise much .
27	Mike Locken ( James Caan ) and George Hansen ( Robert Duvall ) are private contractors who do a lot of dirty work for the CIA .
23	They move quick , live well , and seem like the best of friends - then something happens to shatter their brotherhood .
30	An opening scene shows them blowing up a building - why exactly we are not told , par for the course in terms of this film 's murky motivation .
25	But the implication is these guys hurt people and do not really care - antiheroes much like the Wild Bunch of Peckinpah 's not-so-long-ago .
11	Worse still are Peckinpah 's clumsy direction and sluggish pacing .
35	Caan refuses to stay down , and his recovery scenes , though momentum-killing for the movie , feature fine acting from him and Amy Heflin , Van 's daughter , as a supportive nurse .
32	Caan was one of the 1970s ' best actors , and his laconic byplay with Heflin , Duvall , Hopkins , and both Youngs give " Killer Elite " real watchability .
13	But you do not watch " Killer Elite " thinking about that .
11	You watch it thinking of the film that got away .
7	Can only be described as awful .
13	It is bad to start with and then gets even more bad .
29	When you start you really have to watch it through because it is impossible to believe that it can get worse - but fear not because it does .
16	Another poorly written script for a donkey director for no-talent offspring of past movie stars .
22	It 's hard to decide if the script is worse than the acting or whether the directing is worse than both .
38	As for the hero - well he belts up everyone including one scene where he beats the living daylights out of the tough by swinging open the wardrobe door and smashing him against the window with it .
32	And in another scene he gets thrown through a window and crashes 20ft onto concrete - does not even blink - then gets up immediately and gets stuck into the baddies .
7	This is a really ridiculous movie .
9	Lucky it only cost me $1 to hire .
15	It 's just breathtaking in it 's awfulness -- you really must see it !
18	I am inclined to the later view -- thanks to him , it works as high comedy .
29	He 's the 7 footer in a game of dwarf basketball , his skill set just does not apply in this context , and his discombobulation is delicious .
45	The real treat though is Ms. Eastwood , whose inability to speak in plain English is so pervasive I actually googled her , expecting to learn that she was a Russian beauty who pronounced her lines phonetically , with no understanding of their meaning .
21	But no : she 's just a talent free American who will leave you laughing with every line she drops .
13	Whether she knew what the lines meant must remain an open question .
43	This is the story of a reporter investigating the disappearance of three members of a guerrilla activist group who mysteriously went missing after they broke into the offices of a power plant that is suspected to be causing a frenzy of earthquake .
49	The rather cavalier reporter , going up against what should 've been a more ruthless bunch of company execs , is chased around town ( along with anyone he speaks to ) in order to " clean " whatever conclusive evidence might remain of the plant 's faults .
28	Unfortunately , there is no real sense of emergency because the characters interact with much hesitancy , coupled with idiotic dialog and a lot of horrible acting .
42	Not to mention , the viewer , who may only be attracted to the movie for it 's action genre appeal , is forced to endure a mounting body count and ridiculous amounts of violent shoot em-ups plus earthquake disaster scenes .
31	All of the focus was put in the wrong place to apologetically compensate for the lack of direction and more interesting sequence of events that should 've propelled the story .
28	It might 've been much better had the filmmakers focused more on a thriller , and paid greater attention to developing the corruption aspects of this story .
20	Creepy villains , a naive reporter , and those who attempt to alert the reporter of the wrong-doing afoot .
13	It is formulaic , but at least it would 've been entertaining .
16	I think if they made ANY MONEY make a complete turd bomb like this one .
10	The I need to get into the movie industry .
17	I wiped my ass on a piece of toilet paper and made a better script once .
36	Watch when the guy is running through the tunnel , they used the same 30 feet of tunnel OVER and OVER and OVER again and never even changed the location of the stupid HANGING light .
42	I think if i get the THRILL of meeting the director of this GEM of a MOVIE , I think i will pick a fight with him and start it by deficating on his LOAFERS I think I need to puke now
33	I do not normally feel much of an incentive to comment on films I do not like , but in a case like this one , I just have to say something .
10	This movie is terrible , illogical , and stupid .
31	There are so many flaws in the storytelling that I do not even feel obliged to elaborate on because it 's time for me to move on from this experience .
41	The most annoying point is , however , that at no point in the film does anyone explain whether the motivations for Bacon 's character 's madness are due to a power trip or a physiological reaction to his condition .
31	Granted the special effects are impressive , and in the past Paul Verhoeven has done some good stuff ( the director 's cut of Robocop on DVD is great ) .
34	However , this movie is stupid and generally does not come near to explaining the point or technical aspect of the subject matter , and instead settles for predictable action without any enjoyment .
25	In short , as many other reviews here say ( wish I had read them before ... ) - Stay away from this film !
18	I have to finish watching a movie once I start , regardless of how bad it is .
8	This movie was agonizing to sit through .
46	The " sparkling " bullets , the reporter with " ninja " like moves , the way the bad guys shoot hundreds and hundreds of bullets and only seem to hit innocent bystanders , the predictable outcome and all the bad acting was just horrible .
7	There are some great philosophical questions .
7	What is the purpose of life ?
6	What happens when we die ?
11	And WHY DO THEY MAKE MOVIES THIS BAD ? ? ?
5	The premise is absurd .
6	Thre acting is one dimensional .
6	The special effects are overdone .
18	And the movie is one unending gun battle among some of the lousiest shots Hollywood ever produced .
27	But then , if they had been good shots , everybody would have been dead in the first five minutes and there would be no movie .
9	Too bad it did not happen that way .
21	Tempted to turn it off several times , I stuck with it to see just how bad it could get .
23	Glad I did because ( SPOILER ? ) the last line is the crowning stupidity of the whole dopey , dismal scenario .
18	It is not even worthy of second feature status at a third rate drive-in in off season .
19	Apart from the general awfulness of the film , I worry deeply about its impact on young audiences .
16	The Americans crank out crap like this and then wonder why events like Columbine happen .
10	This is truly banal cinema on a Brobdingnagian scale !
14	" Power Play " starts off interesting but it goes down hill fast .
15	The only good actor is Tobin Bell and he has a very small part .
32	Beyond Bell , " Power Play " has no redeeming value or interest . " Power Play " has more earthquakes in a few days than California has in a year .
13	The earthquake scene in the mall is so contrived and completely unbelievable .
17	And all the action scenes look like a bunch of third graders putting on a play .
7	It 's awful , simply awful .
29	Bottom line , if " Power Play " was made in the 60 's or 70 's it would be considered a poor " B " class movie .
15	The fact that " Power Play " was made in 2001 is really sad .
13	Is there such a thing as a " D " class movie ?
11	If so , " Power Play " casts the mold .
18	My one line summary should explain it all , but I will have a go at it .
23	From the get-go , this movie seemed like an overdone soap opera , and that 's about all I can comment on .
31	There were a few interesting scenes , such as the " Big one " that hit during the middle of the movie , but , wait , what 's that ?
10	The earthquake * gasp * , wait a minute !
6	That 's Dante 's Peak !
10	Well , parts of it butchered and slapped in .
22	I can not believe how poorly this movie was done , " borrowing " scenes from other , much better films .
26	One wonders what director thought that viewers are dumb enough to believe large wooded mountain-esque backdrops exist in downtown LA , ala Dante 's Peak .
30	My advise , forget the Bond Wanna-be , Nash , in this film and go for the real thing ( again , someone from Dante 's Peak coincidentally . )
17	Two days after seeing this thing , I am still in agony over HAVING seen it .
28	It 's so bad , you have to wonder how anyone could write this tripe , much less allow it to be loose on the general public .
19	Stilted acting , a leading man who looks like he 's sleepwalking , and Alison Eastwood embarrassing herself .
17	The action is indicative of low budget movie making , which means it is painfully bad .
3	The plot ?
17	Well , if you were 6 years old , then you could have written this movie .
9	Simplistic , idealistic , and just plain lame .
13	While channel surfing , we found this movie with its promising synopsis .
12	We were dismayed at the flat acting , and formulaic storyline .
25	We found amusing the exploding car scenes , unbelievable shoot outs , and sets that crash down with the weight of tyro-foam and cardboard .
28	It was a good laugh although unintended , and leaves the viewer wondering if it was not originally intended as a low budget spoof of disaster films .
13	I thank god I did not go to cinema for this film .
11	I would be very sorry for the money I gave .
13	I saw it on tv and I could not beleive my eyes .
29	I wonder if any film could be worse than this one . they spent millions of dollars to this film for nothing . awful acting and awful scenario .
39	I think the other people who wrote comments are the man working from that film company ; ) it 's very big fiasco ! in year 2000 can they still laugh at this kind of film ? embarassing ...
22	How can you tell that a horror movie is terrible ? when you can not stop laughing about it of course !
25	The plot has been well covered by other reviewers , so I will just add a few things on the hilarity of it all .
26	Some reviews have placed the location in South America , others in Africa , I thought it was in some random island in the Pacific .
13	Where exactly does this take place , seems to be a mystery .
45	The cannibal tribe is conformed by a couple of black women some black men , and a man who looks like a young Frank Zappa banging the drums ... the Devil God is a large black man with a terrible case of pink eyes .
19	If you are looking for a real horror or gore movie , though ... do not ' bother .
4	Absolutely horrific film .
9	Ameteurish and it is not funny at all .
11	Lead character played by Mehmet Ali Erbil is very annoying .
12	Edits by E. T and star wars is just plain stupid .
12	Actor Yilmaz Goksal is the only good think about this movie .
10	He should master his English and move to Hollywood .
10	Hollywood can not find an actor with his qualities .
9	Other than Goksal this movie is a garbage .
19	Director Gani Mujde is a comic writer and this movie is his worst written work to this date .
13	Music of Cem Karaca is another plus of this waste of money .
8	Actor Sumer Tilmac also have some presence .
13	Actor who plays the three sons has no talent what so ever .
19	Some fraud girl tries to compete in the big leagues of motorcross by swiching places with her brother .
10	She gets to the top by lying and manipulation .
6	She should have been disqualified .
30	The movie promotes lying and cheating to win . also the idea of a 9 yr old mechanic is absurd . it takes many many years to get good .
7	Go back to the tonka toys .
11	Motocrossed was fun , but it was not that great .
29	I guess I just did not understand a lot of the Motocross racing " lingo " ( and there was A LOT of that in the film ) !
23	The plot was not what I expected from the Disney Channel previews , so that could account for some of my disappointment .
27	Although the beginning suggests All Quiet on the Western Front , this silly and superficial version of war falls far astray of its much better contemporary .
22	This depicts the funnest war ever fought , with the first hour and a half devoted to romance and good times .
17	When we finally see some battle , it is lame : An enemy plane flies over ?
9	Shoot it down ( in one shot ) .
5	Sniper in the tree ?
9	Kill him before he gets a shot off .
6	Enemy soldiers in the woods ?
8	Not to worry , they gladly surrender .
2	Ho-hum .
6	Tepid , turgid , predictable ...
26	' Nobody knows anybody ' is a conspiracy theory thriller about a Satanist / nut bomber targeting the religious festivities of Seville during Holy Week .
14	He also happens to be the best friend of the film 's hero .
28	The plot is set up by the bomber as a computer game , with himself and the hero as players , and Seville as the virtual environment .
22	The very real alleys and streets of the city begin to take on the labyrinthine qualities of those old Pacman-type games .
30	Looked at this way , the scene where the hero and his female sidekick are chased by black-hooded penitents with rayguns may not seem as silly as it plays .
31	Clues are liberally scattered , as the camera mystifyingly closes in on images that are only later shown to have been significant ( e.g. the advert in the bar ) .
23	The detective / paper chase elements are made part of a game in progress , rather than an investigation after the fact .
37	The film borrows heavily on ' Se7en '' s pattern narrative , and anyone with a Catholic education will presumably get the significance of certain events happening on certain days in the run up to EAster .
35	In this reading , the game is on the level of narrative , with the hero fighting against an enemy ( in this case , the computer ) to win and save the day .
16	But there is a second game , the film itself , which subvert the first .
25	There are another set of of clues which point not to the killer 's intentions , but the filmmaker 's and his hero 's .
22	In the first ten minutes there are references to chess , a writer called Navokov and a cult leader called Sarin .
32	If we remember that the chess-loving Nabokov 's 1930s pseudonym was Sirin , we see another game afoot , one where we suspect not the villain , but the hero himself .
37	In a Nabokov novel like ' Pale Fire ' , an author-figure creates a text which is designed to hide his own motives , provoking a game between writer and reader to uncover the real text .
35	Throughout the film are scenes which are visually distorted ( e.g. the image contracting ) , or which are ambiguously defined dreams and hallucinations that make us suspect the hero 's point of view .
11	The opening references to games are all linked to him .
43	In the early sequences , much is made of the character 's sexual and creative impotence , so the film could be his attempt to master his life , to be a winner , in a way he can not for real .
32	No sooner has he won the game than his writer 's block vanishes ; the words he types are the title of the film , suggesting he is the overall author .
29	Further , that title in Spanish reflects on itself negatively , a very Nabokovian involution that suggests a hero , like Kinbote , trapped in his own solecism .
17	The lack of clarity about the game 's rules renders it incomprehensible , and eventually wearing .
41	Ironically , in a work of such overdetermined artifice , the film 's main interest lies in its documentary quality , as a record of a narrative taking place in a real city with its own events taking place independently .
38	Such an ambiguous blurring of fact and fiction can create a masterpiece like ' Sans Soleil ' or ' London ' , but , ultimately , you need to have a light touch to match your cleverness .
43	Within the realm of Science Fiction , two particular themes consistently elicit interest , were initially explored in the literature of a pre-cinematic era , and have since been periodically revisited by filmmakers and writers alike , with varying degrees of success .
50	Sebastian Caine ( Bacon ) and his colleagues have for some time been conducting experiments for the U.S. Government , exploring the possibility and practicality of invisibility , which they have , at last , achieved in a number of the primates upon which they have tested their method .
36	They have , in fact , progressed to the point that effecting the invisibility is assured ; their only problem now is bringing the subject back to the original ` visual ' state of being .
29	It 's a problem , however , that Caine , after diligent effort and too many hours in the lab , has solved -- or so he thinks .
42	And when the application of his theory on a live subject is successful , he decides to present the results to the board of directors , in an effort to thereby maintain the funding necessary for the continuation of the project .
37	At the last minute , though , Caine demurs , fearing that control of the project will be wrested from him before they can proceed to the next level -- the testing of a human subject .
34	And he takes it upon himself to become that subject , securing the assistance of his research team by telling them that they have been given approval by the board to do so .
48	But something goes wrong , and Caine becomes trapped in his cloak of invisibility ; and as he and his team struggle to find the solution to his considerable dilemma before it 's too late , it all begins to take a toll on Caine 's mind .
28	And suddenly , his fear of losing funding and control becomes inconsequential , as he finds himself facing the imminent danger of losing much more than that .
16	Now there is a very real chance that he may lose everything -- Including himself .
47	Verhoeven has crafted what is initially an exciting , even thought provoking film ; he establishes a good pace and uses the F / X at his disposal to great effect , though he does tend to allow the striking visuals to overwhelm the character development .
35	Anyone familiar with ` The Invisible Man , ' or actually anyone who can logically follow the progression of the story , will know early on that Caine is not destined for happier times .
21	Still , Verhoeven has a style of storytelling that is definitely going to capture the attention and engage his audience .
36	And it 's a shame , because Verhoeven has it at a higher level than much of what is offered in this genre , and he allows it to sink unnecessarily to one much lower .
28	Kevin Bacon does a good job of creating a character that is believable , if only on the surface , which seemingly serves Verhoeven 's purposes perfectly .
26	There is little depth to Bacon 's portrayal , but it has more to do with his director 's agenda than his own acting abilities .
37	Verhoeven simply does not allow Bacon the time to develop Caine to any extent ; the character is mainly a vessel around which Verhoeven can build his story , and toward that end , it works .
42	Elisabeth Shue comports herself well in the role of Linda McKay , Caine 's willing accomplice in the ill-fated experiment , but it 's basically a thankless part that offers little challenge , especially to an actor of Shue 's caliber .
24	The same can be said of Kim Dickens ( so magnificent in the 2001 film , ` Things Behind the Sun ' ) .
39	Her character , Sarah Kennedy , does little more than support the action and F / X. Both actors are capable of so much more , and deserve better than what they are given to work with here .
35	The supporting cast includes Josh Brolin ( Matthew ) , Greg Grunberg ( Carter ) , Joey Slotnick ( Frank ) , Mary Randle ( Janice ) and William Devane ( Dr. Kramer ) .
34	Entertaining to a point , and even successful on a certain ( low ) level , ` Hollow Man ' is one of those films that leaves you contemplating what could have been .
39	Like an annual fireworks display , it will give you some momentary thrills , but after awhile it will begin to blend in with all the others you have seen , without anything special to set it apart .
25	And it 's too bad , because given the talent and abilities of those involved here , it could have been so much more .
6	I rate this one 4/10 .
3	Holy crap !
8	What a terrible , terrible Spanish thriller !
16	I have had it for about four years and finally started it the other night .
11	I watched an hour or so before heading to bed .
9	I was pretty intrigued by the whole thing .
17	I finished it last night and could not believe where I stopped it the night before .
14	Literally , I stopped it the second before the movie went completely downhill .
30	Like I said , I was pretty intrigued and curious as to where this mystery was going but stopped it right when Simon receives the package in the bar .
26	I picked up when he opens up the package to reveal a laser gun and then plays a " menacing " game of laser tag .
2	Whew !
19	Then the big reveal is that the whole thing is a terrorist plot by role playing game nerds .
2	WHEW !
23	You can tell the Spanish industry was definitely behind director Mateo Gil ( co-writer of Amenabar 's two big previous hits ) .
9	There is an excellent score and great photography .
7	But this scenario reeks of silliness .
16	How anyone sat through the last 40 minutes with a straight face is beyond me .
20	Absolutely nothing happens in this sloooow , annoying , thrill-less thriller directed by Amenabar 's usual collaborator Mateo Gil .
31	The film , which in some way deals with the effect of boredom and the quest for thrills , actually delivers none , and seems like an exercise in boredom .
29	The only mildly suspenseful moment is the movie 's climax , which takes about 30 seconds of the whole agonizing 100-plus minutes , and is resolved too simply .
37	The plot lacks sophistication or credibility , and while the idea is original , the way the story unfolds is arbitrary and every plot device or twist is a result of outside interference ( deus-ex-machina ) .
20	The hero is always passive , everything happens to him without forcing him to show any initiative or resourcefulness .
14	If you are fans of the genre , watch " Tesis " instead .
15	A film as bad as this should be withdrawn from all stores world wide .
50	So full of boring , dull , unimaginative characters , and with a lead character with such an annoying attitude and dry voice constantly giving a thoughtless voice over for every action and feeling , this film holds the record for the most challenging film I have ever watched .
24	As I had payed money to own it , I felt a duty to see it through , and how I regret it .
18	My head hurt throughout because of the terribly dull characters and their pointless , plot less lives .
40	A bunch of kids who have zero knowledge about anything , are all frigid and worst of all , have terrible dialogue throughout , just mulling around as the main character tries to get a date with the girl .
24	Boring , so much so my friend was shaking with hatred and I was red with embarrassment that I 'd thrown away £6 .
20	The DVD was on eBay the following day , and I did not make much of my money back .
5	Avoid like the plague .
13	This movie is one of the most awful I have ever seen .
11	Not only is the dialogue awful , it never ends .
12	You will think it 's ending , but it 's not .
10	How long is it , 140 , 160 minutes ?
6	I do not even know .
11	I do know that I will never watch it again .
38	It 's like someone took a romantic comedy , took out the comedy , then decided to downplay the romance , leaving us with the pile of crap that managed to make its way to the screen .
19	But do not take my word for it , find out for yourself how terrible this film is .
24	After watching about half of this I was ready to give up and turn it off , but I endured to the end .
14	This is a movie that tries to be a romantic comedy and fails .
17	The acting is poor --- much worse than the acting in 80s T & A movies .
17	There are several attempts at humour that fail miserably and the movie is 100 % predictable .
36	Perhaps if you are a teenager this movie will hold some appeal , but for those that have seen many movies , you will know how the film turns out after the first 10 minutes .
18	The rest of your time will be spent in agony waiting for the ending credits to roll .
8	Do not waste your time watching this .
9	A top contender for worst film ever made .
22	Joanna Pakula 's character seems to have an I.Q. of 3 which is only one less than the writer and director .
24	The screenplay would not have passed in a high school writing class ; the " jokes " are juvenile ; the concept corny .
8	These performers were obviously desperate for work .
14	I stayed to the end only to see if it would get worse .
3	It did .
14	Life is too short to spend any part of it watching this film .
13	This movie should be nominated for a new genre : Complete Mess !
22	Except for a few chuckles and one or two scenes of gore , this movie is a complete waste of time .
22	Calling it " Campy " does not even cut it . " Campy " implies fun which this movie was not .
20	You spend the first half of the movie thinking " Its got to get better , right ? " .
19	Feature of early 21 century cinema of lets pit different evil creatures and bad guys against each other .
16	We have not seen stuff like this since Godzilla v King Kong and the like .
36	Always sounds great on paper when you are splicing up and in a haze of the good stuff you have an inspired idea and see the whole playing out before you like Beethoven 's symphonies .
7	Then you come to writing it .
8	Great ideas like all vampires are female .
17	Ergo hot , seductive deadly but in a way I want to perish sort of way .
25	And all zombies are men . well thats what men are like to a woman just after shes been dumped or cheated on right ?
11	So it all looks good up to actually making it .
8	Then the rot starts to set in .
4	Mosters have fight .
4	Nothing much happens .
3	Another fight .
6	Philosophical noodling and cods wallop .
8	Eureka we have found how to win .
7	Big fight again and the End .
6	Sounds great does not it ?
12	If it was made an indie company it would be great .
19	But this is Hollywood with the eye on the bucks : gloss instead of what the fans want .
9	It all could have been gore soaked beautiful .
24	I watched this movie with some friends a couple months ago , I still laugh today thinking about some of the utter stupidity .
8	The first few scenes alone were hilarious .
22	I will not spoil anything for those who wish to see it , I would not want to ruin the laughs .
30	Needless to say the entire time I watched this movie I was trying to figure out exactly what the point of anything the characters in this movie were doing .
24	Towards the end we all got bored however , as the initial hilarity and shock of a movie being this random wore off .
12	There is no plot and not a trace of decent acting .
19	The characters are about as well developed as those in a kindergarten " Learn to Read " book .
11	They even managed to make a lesbian sex scene uninteresting .
14	This is the kind of movie that leaves you with one impression . .
9	Story writing IS what movie making is about .
5	Incredible visual effects . .
8	Very good acting , especially from Shue .
5	Everything is perfect . .
3	Except . .
11	The story is just poor and so , everything fails .
13	Picture this , if you had the power to be invisible . .
5	What would you do ?
27	Well , our mad scientist here ( played by Kevin Bacon ) could think of no other thing to do but fondle and rape women . .
13	This is all his supposedly " genius " mind could think of .
8	Does he try to gain extra power ?
16	No. He does not even bother research a way to get back to being visible .
9	The guy is basically a sex crazed maniac .
16	Add to that , the lab atmosphere , you have all these young guys . .
11	Throwing around jokes like they were in a bar . .
28	In the movie , Cane is just the sick guy who goes to a crowded marketplace to rub his body in women and get off on it .
3	Just sad .
20	I honestly have to say that I could not stop watching this movie from the second that it started .
9	Simply for how bad it was ! ! !
13	It 's kinda like watching paint dry only a lot more confusing .
27	I mean you sit there and just wait for something to happen , anything in fact , preferably something that makes the whole film make sense !
28	I side completely with the other person who wrote the other review , i was duped royally with this film by its title , and that alone .
28	I am just so sodding grateful i did not actually buy the film , no matter how many times iv seen it in the local pound shop .
20	This film was so bad i had to fast forward most of it to get to the good bits .
29	Hah what good bits ? the only bit that was worth it was the ending ( those who have seen the film will know what i mean ) .
27	I expected a lot from this film like a underworld meets dawn of the dead meets Freddy vs. Jason but what i got was this crap .
20	Story was forgettable , the cast was used badly and what was the director thinking when he made this .
21	This could have been a great but i turned out to be the most boring film i have ever watched .
25	OK so what if there was a nice bit of T and A , I was after the gore and i was bitterly disappointed .
32	Do not expect a film thats good but if you want a bad cheesy horror then by all means watch this and see how a horror movie Should not BE DONE .
17	I read the reviews before i watched this movie , and i did not believe them .
13	I love crap movies and i expected this one to be average .
4	It was not .
12	This film makes Camp Blood 1 and 2 look like greats .
33	The film contains bad acting , poor sound , poor confusing storyline , bad makeup - and it bored me so much i turned it off . even the nudity was rubbish !
10	Did they even have a budget for this film ?
7	I do not think they did .
35	You can tell if your gonna like this film or not in the first 5 minutes . if u want a good cheesy gory film go watch toxic avenger 4 or even camp blood .
22	Avoid this trash - I watched it on TV and felt riped off , so do not spend anything on it .
8	The best part is probably the end .
17	I have a high tolerance level for crap , so I was looking forward to this .
5	It did not disappoint .
31	Apparently based on Sheridan Le Fanu 's classic Carmilla , it follows a father and daughter hunting a female vampire who , luckily , happens to be travelling with them .
23	Then we have Santa Claus ( or the General , as he likes to be called here ) running over random zombies .
9	Did I mention there was a zombie outbreak ?
12	The dead are returning to life but nobody seems too concerned .
12	We have construction worker zombies , soldier zombies and even St .
4	Trinian schoolgirl zombies .
16	Apparently Santa Claus is looking for his daughter who has been turned into a vampire .
24	Oh wait there are no vampires , the girl is in a lunatic asylum and Carmilla is her nurse , or is she ?
9	The zombies are back and Santa 's mad .
17	Lesbian sex , I like vampires and I like zombies but I especially like lesbian sex .
11	Nothing like some simulated cunnilingus to get the juices flowing .
10	When are we going to see vampires fight zombies ?
10	Is she a vampire or is she a lunatic ?
3	Or both ?
11	Is Carmilla a hot sexy lesbian vampire or a nurse ?
10	More cunnilingus , you can never have enough cunnilingus .
5	Here come the St .
3	Trinian zombies .
4	Chainsaw time ! !
12	More lesbian sex then the zombies kill and eat the vampires .
10	I guess the zombies won , or did they ?
2	Plot ?
14	Who needs a plot when you have got lesbian vampires and schoolgirl zombies ?
3	And cunnilingus ?
19	I though this would be an okay movie , since i like zombies and horror movies in general .
19	But i did not think it would be such a piece of sh ! t like it was .
23	The only zombie in the movie is at the beginning and he gets ran over by a god damn car ! ! !
24	The movie looks to be written by a porn director and filled by porn actors , i would not ever call them actors !
12	The costumes seems to be stolen from a local school play .
11	Its seems like a road movie with almost no monsters .
26	There is no fun at all in this piece of sh ! t , only horror , but not in the way the director intended .
19	I would rather be raped by a pedophile than see this movie ever again ! ! ! ugh !
22	As you may or may not have heard , there is no actual fighting between vampires or zombies in this film .
30	One may then ask why the title suggested such a thing , but really it 's kind of appropriate because nothing else about this film made any sense either .
12	There was absolutely no story or plot , just things happening .
12	The acting was incredibly bad , worse than safeauto commercials bad .
24	Not only were there no fighting between vampires and zombies but I think there was only one scene with zombies even in it .
16	Their make up looked as if it were applied by an 8 year old girl .
36	The scene was totally random and out of place and featured one of the characters fighting the zombies off with a hedge trimmer ( I am not kidding ) but they used chainsaw sound effects .
14	This was undoubtedly the poorest movie I have ever seen in my life .
32	The only circumstance that I would not totally ridicule every person responsible for production of this film is if I learned that it was produced entirely by 11 year old 's .
43	Really though , even with all of the criticism I offer here , I 'd suggest watching this movie solely based on the fact that it may very well be the worst movie ever , and because of this is quite comical .
12	Even just counting the flaws in it should keep you entertained .
9	Well ... the movie was a fun watch .
21	The main problem with this movie is the fact that it goes against everything that most vampire myths abide by .
8	Like vampires that walk in the sunlight .
15	Though there are parts that just make you enjoy the way society makes movies .
38	A scene where a vampire gets stabbed and screams " Ow this hurts ... It 's really stuck . " Then there seems like there might be scenes missing but you get used to after a while .
16	And there are random dream sequenes ' that really do not help with the plot .
29	Come to think of it , nothing really made sense , but i just got a bunch of friends and watched it twice to get the full effect .
20	Come to think of it the fight scenes were aweful , and the zombies were just fun to watch .
13	Slowly as i write more of this I like this movie more .
19	But you know , all in all you can not expect Schindlers List but its a fun watch .
12	This is the absolute worst movie I have ever seen ! !
11	There was absolutely nothing good to say about this movie .
12	I have seen some bad movies but this one takes it .
49	There is no plot and most of the movie you are either fast forwarding the movie to get it done faster or you are wondering what the hell is going on because you can not seriously think that someone thought of this movie and you are watching it .
17	I feel sorry for anyone who has to sit through this painful hour and a half .
31	Please take my advice and DO NOT WATCH this movie for I know you will think it is the biggest waste of time you have ever spent in your life .
23	Going into this movie you know that this is movie has six lab technicians in a sealed lab with an invisible maniac .
14	So right away you are guessing who will live and who will die .
22	The survivors end up being exactly who you 'd expect them to be , so no points for plot twists there .
38	And if you are not sure if this is a B-movie or a movie that just happens to take place in a lab with an engaging story , William Devane plays a part : instant B-movie status .
8	The movie is promising in the beginning .
16	At the lab we are introduced to the invisible gorilla who is becoming increasingly violent .
4	Oooh , foreboding .
18	The best scene in the whole movie is when the lab team makes the gorilla visible again .
4	Great special effects .
8	Same thing when they make Bacon invisible .
32	There are a couple of bare breasts , a really lame dirty joke and enough out of place swearing to give this movie an R-rating that it really did not need .
36	For a thriller there were not really any surprises , except when Shue makes like MacGyver in the freezer , which is more of a ' Whaaaa ? ' OK , there is one surprise .
17	That 's when Caine ( Bacon ) comes back one last time in the elevator shaft .
16	It was a surprise but only because you are yelling at TV , ' Noooo !
5	You are dead already !
9	The story really lost it at the end .
18	But the special effects were good ; that 's the only reason I give it a 2/10 .
30	As myself and my other half are big fans of trash horror we could not resist getting out a movie that contained both of the greats we were thrilled !
19	However for a 2004 movie with a rip off cover of Freddy Vs Jason this is a disgrace !
23	The worst film I have ever seen but worth a look for a laugh if you are able to sit through it !
39	The acting is awful the effects ... well I could do better on my camcorder in fact its so bad they only bothered to put make up on the zombies faces and left out neck , hands etc .
47	No story line , weird flashbacks that make no sense and terrible script ! " you broke my tooth ! " from one vampire " you broke my cigar " was the response from the human who looked like uncle Jessie from Dukes crossed with Santa !
42	To me this situation would seem strange but Travis , like the trooper he is , takes it all in his stride & agrees to ' take ' Carmilla off Julia 's hands & , well I do not know actually .
15	So , with a complete stranger , Travis drives off leaving Julia & Tessa .
38	Carmilla seems like a nice girl but she turns out to be a Vampire & she likes to bite people & turn them into Vampires , oh & she 's partial to a bit of lesbianism too .
48	The script by D'Amato was apparently based on a classic story entitled ' Carmilla ' by Sheridan Le Fanu ( he should sue ) & is an absolute mess , the holes in the plot & logic are so big you could drive a tank through them !
10	What is the disease that turns people into zombies ?
6	Why is Carmilla a Vampire ?
6	Who is Julia to her ?
7	Who the hell is The General ?
5	What does he want ?
7	Where are Travis & Jenna going ?
20	How can Travis run a man over & yet not have the slightest bit of human emotion over it ?
10	What 's with the mental ward at the end ?
17	There are also some confusing & unnecessary dream sequences just to annoy the viewer even more .
37	There are just so many things wrong with this film , the narrative does not make a blind bit of sense , the concept is terrible & never really explained properly plus it 's incredibly boring .
16	I have not one positive thing to say about Vampire Vs. Zombies , not one .
25	Forget about any Vampires fighting Zombies because it just does not happen , tell me again why is this film called Vampires Vs. Zombies ?
27	Director D'Amato has served up one of the most incompetent , rubbishy , badly made , poorly thought out & excruciatingly painful viewing experiences ever made .
22	Vampires Vs. Zombies really has no redeeming qualities at all , there is not one single aspect that I can praise .
34	The budget on Vampires Vs. Zombies must have been small , in fact did it even have a budget because most of it is set on a road in a couple of cars .
24	This is one of the most badly made horror films it 's been my misfortune to watch , the entire thing just sucks .
11	The acting is predictably awful , & I mean awful .
22	There is not much else left to say , Vampires Vs. Zombies is easily one of the worst films ever made .
48	The ( V ) next to the title on the IMDb 's main page for Vampires Vs. Zoimbies indicates that it went straight to video , well that 's far too good for this pile of crap as it deserves to go straight on the nearest fire .
28	Okay , I have watched this movie twice now , I have researched it heavily on the net , I have asked several people on there opinions .
30	I have even gone to the length of reading the original Sheridan Lafanu Classic ' Carmilla ' , a book that this movie is supposed to be based on .
21	I feel that the best way to review this movie is to describe a game to play whilst watching it .
24	As the plot of the movie does not seem to make any sense at all , here is the plot of the book .
15	Laura lives in a castle in Syberia with her Father , Mr De Lafontaine .
10	They carry on with their lives blissfully and peacefully .
27	One day they get a letter from the ' General ' a man who has made it his mission in life to avenge his daughters death .
19	He makes claims of supernatural powers being at work , and explains that he will visit them soon .
24	Meanwhile , a chance encounter with a strange woman results in the Lafontaines looking after her Daughter , Carmilla , for several months .
20	Soon Laura starts to be overwhelmed by strange dreams , and begins to come down with a strange illness .
6	Who is this mysterious Carmilla ?
16	And just what has she to do with Laura 's condition , and the General ?
26	I have invented this game and would like as many people as possible to play it , and let me know what their results are .
23	I even have a catchy name , and would have a jingle too , but I can not be bothered with that .
15	It 's called the " this movie does not make any sense " game .
26	All you have to do is , whilst watching the movie , try to come up with a complete plot that explains what is happening .
15	I mean complete , all questions answered , everything makes sense , absolutely complete .
24	In fact sod it , it 's just as much fun trying to come up with as many questions about this movie too .
24	I have my plot , and I have to admit it is not quite there , but it is a pretty good effort .
20	In Conclusion ' Vampires vs Zombies ' has no moment in it where there are actually Vampires fighting Zombies .
26	Everyone in the movie seems to know exactly what is going on , yet they seem very reluctant to let the audience in on this .
13	And somehow it is based on a classic 19th century horror novel .
2	How ?
2	Why ?
7	What the hell is going on ?
29	After watching this thing , then reading the summary on the back of the DVD , then thinking back to actual movie .... I became a bit dizzy .
39	I thought , maybe I fell asleep and dreamed I was a down syndrome baby waltzing through a never ending forest where people drive 11 miles an hour and stop for no purpose other then occasional tasteless lesbianism .
30	Where ( zombies ? ) come out of nowhere and ( vampires ? ) who ( seduce ? ) pure hearted citizens on their way to save the world .
9	Neither zombie nor vampire notably encounter each other .
15	The only fighting i remember was getting that walrus Bonny Giroux 's panties off .
5	Coo Coo ca FAT !
4	All of them !
10	It made Bloodrayne look like Citizen F *** ING KANE
19	I am an avid fan of horrendous movies , anything cheesy and down right ridiculous is my game .
18	So imagine my spirit I went to the local Rent Shop , and found Vampires vs. Zombies .
29	The name is just too entertaining , you know that no one in the world could pull off something like it , it just has to be bad .
7	And boy , is it BAD .
12	After viewing this horror-ific movie , I was speechless , literally .
31	Me and my pal sat outside without saying a word to each other for several minutes , both of us contemplating the future of our lives after watching this movie .
24	I broke the depressing silence with the words , " ... dude .... What ? " Yes , i am an enthralling individual .
26	Heres a quick ' street review ' The Plot ; There is none , at all , ever , constantly in " WTF " mode .
8	The Characters ; No development , forgettable .
7	The Music ; Worse than porn .
6	The Vampires ; Theirs vampires ?
6	The Zombies ; Theirs Zombies ?
22	In the end ; Everyone should see this movie , honestly , its so bad I yearn to see it again .
12	So do yourself a favor , watch it and get Depressed .
15	I picked up this movie with the intention of getting a bad zombie movie .
12	But I had no Idea what I was getting myself into .
19	I started the movie and soon I had been pulled into a world of pain and visual torture .
8	I finally know what hell is like .
5	It 's this movie .
3	For eternity .
6	This movie has no value .
9	It did not even really have a plot .
16	There was stuff going on in each scene but no overall explanation why anything happens .
28	Instead of watching this movie I suggest that you line the nearest blender with oil and try and stuff as many bullets in it as you can .
15	You will find that the outcome to be far more pleasant than this movie .
6	Do not even watch it .
9	Not even to see how bad it is .
4	I beg you .
11	If you watch it , then it means they win .
3	Dear me .
5	Where do I start ?
15	The dad is not anywhere near old enough to be the girl 's dad .
13	He corpses on camera in the first 5 minutes of the film .
15	The favoured exclamation in this film is " Jesus Christ ! ! ! " .
11	Zombies are agile , stupid and few and far between .
11	Motives are utterly incomprehensible and a narrative does not exist .
32	People ' rush ' to their destination in jeeps driven at 3 MPH. The world seems to be carrying on as normal yet these are supposed to be the end days .
8	Breasts appear for the sake of breasts .
26	Normally such an approach would provide some redemption but the rest of the film actually made me uninterested in breasts or the future of humanity .
17	There is a dog for no reason and thin , orange blood that turns the stomach .
21	The General and his catchphrase of " Shut the f ** k up ! " is the only redeeming feature .
21	As for the rest , I sincerely hope to hear that they had done the decent thing and killed themselves .
